0:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Hey hi Surrendra hi Prashant. Good evening, good morning, good afternoon.
0:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm Hi, good morning.
0:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm.
0:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can you hear me Surendra?
0:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah.
0:48 : Surendra K : Can hear you, I can hear you.
0:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Any queries or any questions, any doubts with respect to yesterday's the mean to say last week's session? Can you just ask me?
1:05 : Surendra K : When we when I try to create an account in the rock, it is telling like, ok, it is it sent an email, but when we try to click on that email, it is saying something looks wrong or you were linked might be expired like that.
1:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Do you mean to say you're unable to create the account, right?
1:26 : Surendra K : Yeah, yeah.
1:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Like, could you please try and log in with your existing Google account.
1:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just try that once and tell me.
1:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
1:42 : Surendra K : Yeah, I will try. Thank you.
1:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Sure.
2:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
2:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Surerendra Purnima. Any questions or queries can just ask me?
2:50 : Sowmyanarayanan : Hi, good afternoon. So I think I went through the videos and also I think pretty clear and get up for today's session.
2:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Find them. Cool.
3:02 : Sowmyanarayanan : We will get some questions when we do some hands on. So.
3:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's fine.
3:34 : Sowmyanarayanan : The same continuation to your last discussion so this every time we log in we'll be getting an email which is getting triggered is it?
3:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Oh yes, you might get the email or else what you can do better just go with your.
3:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Signed into a Google account, right?
3:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You won't get any email at that point.
3:54 : Sowmyanarayanan : So I've been getting this notification, so as and when I click the link I mean like I'm able to log in I'm not getting any error, but the thing is that last Saturday I was getting this error, last taturday Sunday but over the last two or three days I'm able to log into. No, no issues.
4:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay ok fine then. If at all if you're facing any issues you can just connect with one of the mentors after the session.
4:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : From other.
4:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll be back in another three to four minutes I'll be back.
4:23 : Prabakaran TestLeaf : Thank you. Yeah ok ok.
5:42 : Prabakaran TestLeaf : I didn't, good afternoon.
5:46 : Prabakaran TestLeaf : Have you all completed the assignment which means we are test has to be explore the models and other things. Any questions?
8:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Hey guys, I'm not those steps back here. And did you all go through the documentation or did you read any of the new documents with respect to the transformers? The last week assignment? Did you get any insight on what are transformers and how it is working? Yes or no?
8:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You hear me?
9:01 : Sowmyanarayanan : Not sure if any documents were actually shared but were there any documents.
9:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We'll be asked to explore the documentation is yours. Okay. Whatever we thought in the classroom, we ask you to explore.
9:15 : Sowmyanarayanan : Remember Babu telling he'll be sharing some links so I thought he'll be sharing actually.
9:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, what we'll do is once after the session or by tomorrow evening we'll be sharing the links, ok?
9:26 : Sowmyanarayanan : Okay, that would be helpful.
9:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Sure we'll do that.
9:31 : Roshi : Hi Sudarshan I just gone through some.
9:35 : Roshi : Document on the available on the internet. So, here I have some questions, like, as.
9:43 : Roshi : Transformer is processing input at once, not step by step at once. So how to track the like ordering of the words available in the input sequence.
9:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So that is where your self attention box comes into picture, right?
9:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So once you're into the transformer.
10:01 : harikumar s : Potentially.
10:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Extension block that is going to give the scores.
10:09 : harikumar s : That is that.
10:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The Exact context. I can explain you just give me a minute, let me share my screen and show you.
10:22 : harikumar s : Any error.
10:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So please tell me once my screen is available.
10:32 : Roshi : Yeah, it's available.
10:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See the text caliteral, right? Okay. So here what happens is let's take this as your transformers, ok?
10:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : There's going to be your.
10:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Transformer here.
10:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Say I'm just giving one query. Let's take this query as simple one cat or.
10:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I went to bank.
11:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Deposit money. So once after entering the self attention box that is transformer, the self attention block, it correlates the word with the context. Now you guys tell me, there are different types of banks character that can be a river bank, that can be a financial institution.
11:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Blood bank, a book bank, a character. Yes, no.
11:27 : Roshi : Yes y.
11:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here, deposit and money clearly states that it is a financial institution. So that weightage will be added by the self attention block and then it says that it is a financial intrusion. So now if you are just asking any charge in PT, let's go to charge in PT.
11:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me just type this. I went.
11:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To bank to.
12:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Money. Okay, well, so I'm typing here, now.
12:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : My charge CPD is saying that.
12:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay I went to the bankrupt deposit money, which bank.
12:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You me the.
12:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The bank in this.
12:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Context.
12:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So it is saying that it's a financial institution, Correct, how the charge EPD saying that it's a financial institution that is where your self attention box comes into picture inside the transformers will be having the self attention block. So now the self attention block gives the scores for each and every words here. So.
12:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : With respect to bank as a financial institution, what are the words that has more weightage? What are the words which has more weightage.
12:57 : Roshi : Deposit and money.
12:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That was certain money. So deposit and money states that this bank is nothing but your financial institution. So that predicts the next thing as it's a financial institution and then the output is given here by the chargeability saying that it's a financial institution in this context.
13:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Clear up, got it.
13:23 : Roshi : Yes, but I, could you please go on that screen in which.
13:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, ok.
13:36 : Roshi : We are giving the input, I went to bank to deposit money, so as it's going to the transformer, then as transformer is processing one by one, correct? One by one not sorry in parallel, it processing it's in parallel.
13:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, the process in parallel one by one and all these things takes black place within a fraction of seconds or milliseconds that this takes place. Internally, it has different layers, that is what Bob would have told you. Layers sonara, one twenty eight layers or ninety six layers.
14:09 : Roshi : Yeah, correct, correct.
14:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Most layers are nothing but all your data layers wherein it will be having the self attention block and also also one more thing is that what is that FFN? You all remember what is FFN?
14:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your feed forward network. So in the context it will be just passing to each and every layers and finally it says that this is your financial institution. This is what happens internally. Clear?
14:39 : Roshi : Yeah, ok, yeah. Thank you.
14:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So someone has raised their hand. Could you please post a note like we are going to start the session exactly at another two to three minutes we'll start the session.
14:53 : sakthivel sundar : The session is not started.
14:56 : sakthivel sundar : Absolutely.
14:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Active, please go ahead, but your voice is too feeble.
15:02 : sakthivel sundar : So can you hear me now?
15:03 : Sathish Testleaf : Recording is not started I also.
15:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, yes yes and yet to start the session.
15:07 : sakthivel sundar : Ah, ok.
15:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Quickly note to them, ok, well.
15:10 : sakthivel sundar : Okay, ok, then, then, then, then, ok.
15:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Two months let's wait for people to join two minutes and we can just get started. Meanwhile, in that two minutes, if you have any queries or questions, you can ask me so that I'll answer your questions.
15:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Predominantly I was about to come last week but unfortunately my health condition was too bad.
15:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Totally bad, total damaged collateral damage, so I was unable to.
15:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Elastic session. So we can start in another one minute.
15:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Meanwhile, any questions.
15:47 : Jagan Kokku : Hey.
15:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine fine fine getting recovered.
15:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, so morning is taking some tablets and other things that is ok for me right now.
16:00 : Sowmyanarayanan : So can you please explain more on feet forward if whatever you're talking about.
16:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll tell you, now you are doing good after TV Kevin.
16:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : No comments explicitly on that. Our topic of you know so I'll tell you what is a feed forward network.
16:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here.
16:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your transformer that has different layers. So internally it has self attention block and feed forward network. Self self attention block level, the weightage for the words for the query will be done based on which the next word is predicted or your context is predicted. So this feed forward network is used.
16:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To move the data, whatever weightage that is given by the self attention block from one layer to another. It will be having the neural network of some ninety six layers now between different layers, this data will be passed. If at all self attention block has missed some scoring the weightage now, beat forward network will rescore.
17:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And add the weightage. Clear up? Yes yes, I'll start the recording. Okay well c.
17:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, so let me just start the recording.
17:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Proceed, guys. And I'll take up the queries subsequently, we can just start with our session.
17:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Before starting our session, I'll just give an introduction about myself. I'm Sudarshan. I have seventeen plus years of experience in the software industry predominantly with the testing with both automation, API, and even mobile testing right now. I'm just working on all the base projects. I'm leading the Jane based projects in Q eagle.
17:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I've been designated as assistant vice president for pro handling the projects in Qaeagle and Saturday Sundays your weekends I'll be just taking up the training with the Qiggles nothing but a sister concern wherein we are handling with projects and test leave that is predominantly with your training. So this is my brief introduction.
18:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I have seen all your lingeral profiles, you have shared in the main WhatsApp group. What I'll do is end of today's session, I'll be sharing my LinkedIn profile. You guys can connect with me. Okay well.
18:17 : Radhika : No, no, no, no.
18:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So, I've also seen the feedbacks from you guys and some ethics we can follow in our classroom during our session. First thing is, please turn on your videos. Video should be on. So that is the kind request and moreover, if you're just turning on your video, you'll be just getting.
18:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : More consultation, you'll be able to grab the topics. That is point number one. Point number two, predominantly with your Q and A So when I'm just starting to teach something now, I'll give you some time. Time under within some time period, say for example once after taking some fifteen minutes of whatever topic.
19:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : After the topic is completed I'll give you some time, so at that point, please ask your queries in the chat or you can unmute and you can ask your queries, and in the participant list, what you can do is just raise your hand based on that priority I'll I'll just answer your question. So that we don't be having the Q and a.
19:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : In between the session. We can go through the context clearly and there won't be any deviation. In the point that you all agree with me, just give a thumbs up or type ok, ok well.
19:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thanks for all, but please maintain that. I understand I really understand you will be enthusiastic in asking the questions. I'll give you a separate time we can just resolve all your queries and moreover, though, the classroom session is for three hours, I might accept another half an hour. I'm setting the context clearly.
20:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Because I will deliver things you'll be having a practice, you can just get all your queries resolved. Okay wow, ok for that, thirty minutes, that would be for so extended.
20:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Cool then. So let's get started with our agenda.
20:19 : Gopika Varma : That's subscribe.
20:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me just close this. Just give me a minute, yeah. So primarily today we are just going to learn about prompt engineering with different prompting techniques and tomorrow you'll be learning about the LLM base. For that purpose, we asked you to go through the recordings of REST API and other things. And here, when it comes to.
20:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Prompt engineering, please, please take this session.
20:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah, you can ask.
20:47 : Gopika Varma : Yeah, I think you and.
20:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Was the backbone. If you're not having any queries, please make sure.
20:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let us please mute, the people are not having queries. Okay, fine. So the plant engineering now based for your journey, so whether if you are going with the advanced technique with the rag or whatever thing is, prompt is the base one. If you are proficient and if you're ok doing best with your prompt.
21:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Engineering, that would be easier for you to proceed for the further classes. You will see the difference for sure I'm telling you, you will see the difference how the charge PDT or your quinn or your claw with whatever the chart agent you are just going to get the output with this prompting techniques. So we can just get started. Before that, what we can do is.
21:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : A quick ten minutes on the fifteen minutes of knowledge check on what we learned last week. Can we have a quick quizzle type of thing, OKW, quick cover knowledge checks so that it will be a brush up for you guys, ok? It's just a render and the choices A and B You can just select any A or B or b.
21:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : B as an option. So you can just get started. So here what does mission learning?
22:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : From last week thing, what is machine learning? Think, think and tell what is machine learning?
22:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So when it comes to the machine learning machine learning when the it's the subset of artificial intelligence with small set of test data, not the larger set. Larger set is a different one. We'll be learning that that is your, that would be your deep learning. So it's with this small set of this data that varies from ten thousand to millions of records.
22:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is what we saw Google Iratina checkup Pathoma did we see that? To some millions of record will be taken, and then prediction will be done with your mission learning. So here the answer is yay, it's a subset of artificial intelligence that enables the system to learn from small set of data.
22:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Next one.
22:51 : Lalitha : So please excuse, can you change the settings? I am repeatedly getting these messages what everyone is sending.
23:02 : Lalitha : I think some settings should be changed.
23:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Because there is some some problem with I think just give me a minute my bad. I'll close the chat you won't be getting any messages. See.
23:12 : Lalitha : Thank you.
23:13 : Praveen : I'm getting.
23:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I know some meeting messages. See, there are some few problems with the Webex also. Okay, well, this not with this, but anyways, let's see. Okay, so what are the parameters in machine learning data set? What are the parameters in data set? Parameters nine nine, is that a.
23:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : A column or is that a row?
23:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So columns in data set are called as parameters. So Google I Retina, can you just name any two parameters in the chat, any two parameters in the chat.
23:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah, ok.
23:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : My name, name lavander let's weightage, name clock, date of birth, that comes with your age ok habits. Yes. Diabetic or non diabetic past, health history blood group, all those are considered as the parameters. That is your parameters or nothing but columns in your data set.
24:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : How to test the model, we are going for testing the model machine learning, you'll be testing the model with data set, you'll be following some rule here, whether to test with eighty percentage of data and train with twenty percentage or train with eighty percentage and test with twenty percentage.
24:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That should be the answer.
24:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So you have to predominantly train with your AT percentage and test with your twenty percentage. That is your eighty twenty rule here. So now we are into the topic here.
24:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What are the supervised, what are supervised mission learning?
24:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What is supervised machine learning?
25:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Use as the labeled data. It doesn't go with any of the paid patterns labeled set of test data which is your supervised mission learning. Now linear regression algorithm would have seen linear regression algorithm, right? What is the output of linear regression algorithm?
25:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can I even unmute and speak? What is the output of linear regression algorithm?
25:35 : Dineshkumar Rangasamy : Numbers.
25:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And what is the example.
25:37 : Dineshkumar Rangasamy : Whether.
25:38 : Lavanya : Then she.
25:41 : Ashlesha Bidave : Regarding.
25:43 : Shalini Anil : It's.
25:46 : Dattatray Tambe : We could.
25:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That can compress.
25:49 : Shishir Kanthi : Options.
25:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Temperature predictions and also we can say that, yeah, yeah, I'm just stopping that. I understand I don't you there is some problem with Webex, please, please, that is not in my hands, ok?
26:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : At times Webex behaves anonymously. Okay, umerical values, no worry.
26:08 : Jenett : Good morning.
26:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Linear regression algorithm predicts the numerical values. But what if the classification algorithm.
26:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What would be the thing with the classification algorithm?
26:23 : Gopika Varma : It's.
26:24 : Sandip Wangane : There is our labels.
26:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes or no a boolean or what are the categories are labeled that can come here as a output of your classification algorithm. I'll take another four more questions and we can stop and you can proceed with the prompt engineering. So yeah.
26:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The defect classification, whether that is a regression based defect or when you're going with your automation now, that is different one.
26:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So all these things can be come come under your categories that is nothing but your classification algorithm.
27:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now.
27:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just think content, what is collaborative filtering and what is content based filtering?
27:12 : Thanga Prakash S : I think.
27:14 : Thanga Prakash S : That's.
27:16 : Thanga Prakash S : That's.
27:25 : Vishakha Pachpande : Option is.
27:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Could be a.
27:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That's incorrect.
27:32 : Thanga Prakash S : Technical.
27:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You see here, when you are going for a collaborative filtering that patents are discovered based on the similarity, and when it goes for a content based filtering now that comes with your explicit labels. Is it done correct for that you would have seen the Netflix or Amazon Prime as an example. You have watched a movie from a journ.
27:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Based on the watch list from other people, you will be getting a recommendation, and that is your collaborative. Content based.
28:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Feedback to the movies based on which the movie's sugge.
28:06 : Thanga Prakash S : Need to.
28:08 : Thanga Prakash S : It's not. Okay.
28:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is it's please not answering this mute yourself.
28:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So that is your collaborative filtering and content based filtering.
28:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now what is the difference between deep learning and generating.
28:37 : Gopika Varma : Can be Genese generated.
28:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Exactly when it comes to your machine learning or deep learning, it is going to predict, it is saying that whether can be thirty degrees celsius or this particular team can score two fifty or three fifty runs. That prediction is done by when it comes to Genea is going to give you the output. That is if you want.
29:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : A email will be given to you. If you want to write the code, the code is given to you, you want the test cases, the test cases given you based on the prompting. So Jane is generative and deep learning is predictive one.
29:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is the important one. What is the alucination? What is alucination?
29:24 : Gopika Varma : The LLM generates the.
29:26 : Nandhini Shreekanth : We.
29:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can be LNM one day it will be generating the output of its knowledge, but it is not real. So, what are the chances or what could be the root cause for your allisonation, different root causes for your allicination.
29:44 : Sriram : Insufficient training data.
29:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Correct. I'm clean.
29:47 : Gopika Varma : No problem.
29:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Even the model is not trained properly, the context is not clear. All these can be the.
30:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Chances or that that can increase the harrestation so that we can't get the expected result. That is what is your hallacination.
30:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So to deploy LLM which of the below is needed.
30:18 : Sriram : Do you.
30:19 : Sandip Wangane : Cpu.
30:21 : Nandhini Shreekanth : If you.
30:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Those are needed that is the hardware component where that is needed for your LLM deployments. With the normal CPU, if you're trying to deploy that is even the private some more that deployment that is not quite possible because your hardware component doesn't support study. So we always go with the GPUs here.
30:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, one, done. So I think so you got some knowledge check with respect to what you have learned, ok? Not ok. Is that good?
30:56 : Dhivya : It's.
30:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Recapping the entire thing I'm just going with the things which are required.
31:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, well, so that is fine I think so most of you have just went through the recordings and you also refreshed, but please keep this momentum. Syria, every week, even after tomorrow's session, we'll be having a doubt clarification session on weekdays. Weekday slow and the two days will be planning this session. We'll.
31:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Will also record this session. You can just attend those sessions or else if you have any queries ping us in the WhatsApp. Week one length, all other tablet. Week four contemporary on the week one length of week four questions on the K diagram. You will be overdue. Then and then clarify your questions. Okay.
31:45 : Praveen : Yeah.
31:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please tell me.
31:48 : Praveen : So during the weekends right it will be very difficult for us to join. So can we get the recordings.
31:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes yes, we'll be giving that recordings. Sure.
31:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, we'll plan the time and we'll send you, ok? When we are just going to have the other things will be planned and sent to you, will be just having the recordings also and just go through the recording.
32:09 : Praveen : The link will be shared in the group chat only, right? Yeah.
32:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It will be shared.
32:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Okay, fine guys, let's get started. Directly with your.
32:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Prompting. So before going to start with the prompting, so what is prompt you guys tell me what is a prompt.
32:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : From your end, just tell me what is a prompt.
32:38 : Poornima S : Input.
32:40 : Nayana Nayak : Put in.
32:46 : Vikash : Command to.
32:47 : Gopika Varma : Generated to get the desired object.
32:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's.
32:52 : Pavana : Few Instruction.
32:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, please go ahead, go ahead.
32:57 : 2643 672 6699 : In blind English.
33:01 : Sandip Wangane : Constraints constraints for the data.
33:05 : Shishir Kanthi : Request to the moderator.
33:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
33:08 : Aniketh : To add the instruction.
33:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : File you can say that your prompt is nothing but.
33:16 : Jagan Kokku : Based.
33:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Or input that you're just going to give to the LLM, that is your large language model. So, you guys tell me if I'm asking you a question clearly, based on that only you will be able to answer my questions, Correct, your output would be purely dependent on how I'm asking the question. First, you have to understand and get the clarity.
33:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Whether the questions which I'm asking you, that is clear for you or not, correct? And then only you will be able to answer. Oh, say for example I'll take this. I'm asking you write me the automation script.
33:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, I'm just asking you a question. Write an automation script. So will you be able to answer me correctly? At that point what you will do one might know Selenium java. One might know selenium c shop, other might know playwright typescript, other might know playwright, and JavaScript or playwright and C sharp. So you will just.
34:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Write whatever you know, correct term agreed up. Yes, no.
34:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes. Whatever languages you know you will rate. Likewise for the test case also, if I'm asking you to write a test case. So write a test case now that can be for a login page, that can be part of payment page or that can be for a fun transfer or whatever can be. I'm not giving a proper.
34:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : At all. So, you should think in this way. So yellow alone is not going to do any magic until or unless the query which you are giving to the yellow is clear. Okay, wow. What if I'm saying that write a test case instead, I'm asking, writer.
35:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test case for let's say, ServiceNow application, service now login page. Let's see the difference I'll show you the difference clearly. I'm asking the charge GPT here, ok, let me just go to charge GPT first. We'll see in other chart agents also. So, I'm asking to.
35:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To write a test case.
35:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now what charge video is doing? Let's see that.
35:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : By default it is going with the login page, correct? But my intention is like I want to get the login for a service now or a payment fund transfer, that is my intention, is my intention satisfied here? Is the charge PDT giving me my giving the intented answer for me.
35:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Answer is no. Let's see that in Queen also. We are going with Queen, I'm asking Queen to write a test case.
36:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What happens here, internally now model that will be having some pre trained data from that pre trained data.
36:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It selects a test case and gives to you, but your intention will not be proper. See here it is asking since you didn't specify a feature programming, I'll provide you some three common formats and Quinn is giving me some common formats with this login page. Okay, what?
36:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is still generating, not a generated completely, saying to verify the login page or.
36:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Verify with the login credential, that is giving from its own pre trained data set. So first point to remember until or unless your prompt or if your query is not clear, you will not be able to get the proper output from the LLM. I'm just trying with multiple queries, multiple things.
37:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But still the LLM is not giving me the proper output. Now, first checkpoint here is with your prompt, your, if the query is clear, you'll be getting the proper output. Now, write a test case if the queen is also.
37:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Giving me the test case for login. This is a generic one, ok, why it is in addition is giving for automation cases, ok? But still this is a generic one. Now, here I have specified it, Right the test case for service now login page. Now let's see that here.
37:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : ServiceNow is an instant management application. I think so most of you know that. Here I'm just giving right a test case for service now login page. Now.
37:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See here.
37:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can you all see the module and steps or specific to the service now? Yes, no.
38:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So first and foremost, thumb rule is whatever the input you give based on your best input or better input, you can expect the proper.
38:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output from the.
38:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output from LLM or else you won't be getting that. In other ways, you can say that your garbage in.
38:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Would be your garbage out.
38:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All your intents should be proper. So we are just going to see that right now. How the prompts are going to play a vital role and then we'll be having a classroom activity. So predominantly today, most of them you'll be having that as a practical session now.
38:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Three, three classroom activities are planned today. So based on which you will whicheveralize how the charge EPT or your quinn or your Gemini, what are might be the charge agent, how we are getting the response from the LLM based on your input, that is nothing but your prompt. Let's quickly go here. So that is what the prompt.
39:14 : Praveen : Sorry, sorry to interrupt you. Do we.
39:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Sorry Praveen please please please please I'll give you some time at that point you can ask me questions. Please don't interrupt.
39:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I said that clearly during the start of the session, people are getting deviated. Please.
39:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is how we are just going to have our things phase one we'll see how, what is a prompt and how we are just going to use the prompt properly that we saw right now and how the quality of the prompts are going to play the vital role, and then we'll be moving on with the high spot framework that is nothing but a golden framework that has been developed by test leave for the prompting.
39:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can use that. Okay or to get the better result, we have given applied in our projects with the side spot framework, and then we will see the advanced prompting techniques. So we'll be learning one by one. So let's move on with your prompt engineering first. And I already told you this, what is the prompts and how is processing them. You can see here clearly.
40:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And I'm just giving the input here, first of all, whatever instruction or comment generated test case for logging, that should be proper, and what is the context here? Here, at the first point what we asked, we asked to generate the test case. Okay, my intention is to to generate the test case. Did I specify any application? Y.
40:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, no. First test case, first prompt to that. Did I specify any application? So the context itself is not clear. You are right, I didn't specify that. Once after giving the proper context as a service now application, I'm able to get the test case for ServiceNow. Likewise, we also give what we should specify what should.
40:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Should be your input data and what to what what should be the output format. We'll be learning one by one based on which we'll be getting a proper output from the LLM. So gently the quality of your output, that is what I have mentioned, that is purely depend on your prompt, how you are prompting that matters the one, ok? So this.
41:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : How the A works anyways, I'll share you this document as a PDF format, this will be shared. First you are giving your prompt and prompt will convert it into a token and then it will be converting into a vectorized self attention block gives you the weightages and predicts the next thing that is, that is what we saw already in the last week, and then finally you will be getting the.
41:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output here. So this is how the entire.
41:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thing that is working for your chargeability. All these takes place within a fraction of second or milliseconds. Now we are just going to see how we are just going to evolve with the quality of prompts, let me just take the difference between week and strong prompt and then I'll have we can have a Q and A session. So first we are just going to see how.
41:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The can strong prompts going to play a vital role. So first let me start with the automation script. Then I'll also give you an example on your test case generation. So here, see here, I'm asking I'm just going to ask my A, that is I'm just going to.
42:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Ask here to generate a celineum test script. So people if you're not from the automation need not worry, you're having the next set of example. Okay, what? Now you guys tell me who are in automation, I'm asking to generate a selenium script. Now.
42:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is that the language, whatever is required, I've just said the language here yes, no. Language finding a specific personnel. I didn't specify any language binding and did I specify whether to generate the script with main method or script with the test ng or J unit? Answer.
42:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Answer is no. Now we are just going to visualize how this particular instruction or prompt going to generate the test cases for you. I'll just say the example with CHARGYPT when as well as your cloud code. You can use any of the thing that can be a quinn charge.
43:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : PPT Germany, all things that is you're going to do here is how the prompting is going to give you the output here. Now I'm asking charge AP to two generate the lineum test script. Likewise simultaneously I'm just going to give to Quinn also.
43:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just go to Quinn and ask to generate the Selenium test script likewise, I have Claude here. I'm going to ask to Claude to generate me a Selenium descript.
43:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So Claude has a good thing. It is asking me back, what should be the language pending, what is the URL, what are the assertion? So I'm using cloud sound model here. It is asking me since the context is not clear, it is asking me to give all these details. Let's wait for the reply from PPT and quinn. Let's go and check.
44:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So Quinn here that has started generating the test script here. Okay, well, what is the language in which the queen is generating the test script? Can someone see this thing and tell me screen and tell me what is the language.
44:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Python, it is generating here in Python. Did I specify the append to generate in Python? My intention is I'm a job or a Java engineer or I know Java or c shop. I want the test scripts in Java, but when is giving me in python. Whether I can use this thing yes, no. Is that the output to satisfying me.
44:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The answer is no. No, let's go to charge GPT. Charge GPT, let's see here it is giving me in Java. Okay, that is fine for me. I know Java. It is giving me the Java testing script ok fine. Now you guys tell me someone who doesn't know Java and mean to say he's working on you or she's work.
45:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Working on Python. Will that, will this output will satisfy them.
45:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Will this output satisfy them? No. So now who has to be claimed? To be blamed? It's not at all giving the answer. Is that fine to say start GPD or your quinn or your cloth?
45:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Ultimate one yes.
45:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Deals with your prompt. Prompting is the one which is not giving a proper output here. This is a very, very big or bad prompt. You can say this is a.
45:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Weak called bad prompt. Now, I'm just going into give you another example. Let's see this scenario and how this scenario works, ok?
46:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now.
46:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Here I'm saying that you are a test automation assistant I'll come back to this role. What is this role out saying that I'll come back, but still see here, am I specifying the programming language here? Yes, no.
46:28 : Nayana Nayak : Yes.
46:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generator Java test script verify a login on Salesforce application. Salesforce application login page that has to be verified. I'm saying here to use the explicit page. Here are down and setup is nothing but using the hooks or using the annotations before adapter and specifying that. So now.
46:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's take this prompt and give the input to paint chargeability and your cloud code.
47:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So use Gemini that's not a problem. No, I'm just going to give this.
47:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And also here to my cloud.
47:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's go back here.
47:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now you guys tell me charge EPT is that generated a script with at before method at test and then also with the Java for the Salesforce.
47:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce with Java that is done, right?
47:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Also adding the explicit weight you can see here, the explicit weight is added with the conditions and visibility. Likewise, when you're going with twin also.
48:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's go and see here with the.
48:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is still generating, let it generate.
48:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All with the dependencies and other things, it is giving me the entire script in Selenium Java. Now, my intention is satisfied. Likewise, if you are, if you want to get that from Python, if you're specifying the language as Python, you'll be getting in Python or C shop will be getting in C shop. You can also.
48:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See that. Meanwhile first you can see the clouds result. So here cloud has given me the test case clearly in the Selenium Java. Okay what? So this is where your prompts plays the picture. Now if I want to give the same in C sharp, I need that in C shop. Let's go.
48:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
48:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To charge GBT first.
48:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just mute yourself Prasanna, please.
49:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Done with charge APT and we can move on with.
49:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And also let's take with clot code.
49:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me close this and.
49:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See shoppler with the n unit, it is going to generate me the entire test script. Likewise I'm going to quinner.
49:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Still need is in progress, it will generate for me and see here charge GBT, it does clearly generated the test script.
49:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : In C shop.
49:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can see here all these are from your C sharp it has generated the test script.
50:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is how your prompt use you the better outputs. When your prompt quality is fine, we'll be getting the quality and good output.
50:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So what I will do is in another five minutes or ten minutes, we can also see the example with normal test case generation for the people who are not from the automation background. We can see that and then we can have our Q and A ok well is that fine for all.
50:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, let's see that visibly. So that is where.
50:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your prompt comes into picture. Let s go here and.
50:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Write it clearly clearly.
50:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate.
50:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Functional and.
50:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Functional.
51:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test cases.
51:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : For.
51:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce login. Okay, what, then here, I'm just going to give.
51:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate.
51:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : My test cases. So let's make that generate only ten test cases.
51:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Positive.
51:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Both positive and negative scenarios.
51:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Then rate.
51:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Both positive and.
51:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Negative scenarios done now. Next thing what I'm just going to give here, give me the test case in the proper format. So, format.
52:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output format.
52:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : For the test case. So what it should have, it should have.
52:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Description or ID, let's go with ID, ID.
52:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Description.
52:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The Conditions.
52:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Do we produce.
52:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's say the test steps. Okay, well, test steps are occur.
52:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Expected result.
52:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Actual result.
52:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And then.
52:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Status.
52:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Well, this is my prompt here. Before that, I'm just going to give this one line, one liner week prompt and let's see what is happening so that you can visually see the difference in the output. So let me just go to charging PT and go and create a functional test case. Likewise, let me just go to.
53:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me log in, that would be better. So asking for each and every time let me continue with my Google account.
53:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Meanwhile, you can see the same here.
53:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : With your.
53:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll give you the input to the cloud code also.
53:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here, what happened when I start GPD has started generating the test cases. Yeah, now in the you guys tell me sorry for the terminal conversation here, did I specify any test data.
53:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Did I specify any test data.
53:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But I'm just getting the test data here. But am I getting positive and negative scenarios mentioned that it's not mentioned? What is the number of test cases generated, number of test cases generated are twenty to twenty five test cases on the, it is keeping on generating it. Okay what? It is keeping on generating some.
54:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Twenty to twenty five test cases here. So, how the charge EPT gives me the output from which pre trained data, I'm just asking for the test case. This is my generic format I can just give you back. Whatever you ask properly I'm just giving it to you back. Now this is the format which I got from the charge PPT.
54:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We are moving on with the quinn. So let me just give it ton here. Meanwhile, we can just go to.
54:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Here. Claude has generated how many test cases here.
54:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : There are with twenty five around twenty five test cases are generated. Can you all see here.
54:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Twenty five test cases are generated by the.
55:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So it is generating the test script, so I should mention like.
55:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Manual.
55:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test cases not.
55:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Automation script and see the clear difference or else I have to continue with the new session. Let me just try it in the new chat here.
55:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Manual test cases.
55:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let it generate, let's check the query. We already checked the chargeability. Let's go with quinn. Quinn is starting to generate and you can see here ID precondition steps, all the things are here available. Let's see how many test cases are generated.
55:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So it is generating me the ninth process in progress, more than ten test cases. But for me, I need only the ten test cases and this this the specific format which is required for me.
56:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this week prompt doesn't give you the proper output. Now let's go. Let me have the priority also here. Let me add the priority description, the conditions, and then.
56:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now let's go.
56:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Ask the same in.
56:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But all the chat agents.
56:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Nineteen, twenty test cases on the default it is generated. Now I'm just going to ask here.
56:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, and even here let me just go with the new chart.
56:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Clearly giving to generate the test cases. I'm specifying the numbers with positive and negative scenarios and also the output formats.
57:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Here.
57:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is giving me some test case generator to generate the test case. Okay, we can just come back to cloud later because from my skills and other things it is taking up, that is a different one, we'll be learning that in phase two. Now let's click on charging PT and you're going here. Now, can you see here charge gpt.
57:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Description is there are three conditions there are priorities there.
57:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Expected result, actual result status.
57:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is that clear? Let me just copy this and paste it for you.
57:44 : Ramyasai : Roll up once I just wanted to see the prompt that's been given.
57:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please wait, please wait. I'll show you. So here.
57:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can see the.
57:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test cases.
58:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Whatever the conditions we are specified here, it is giving only ten. Okay, what? And also both.
58:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Positive negative along with the format which I have given here.
58:16 : Ramyasai : Is this, is this via the.
58:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please wait, please wait, please wait. I'll give you some time please you ask for ask for ask me for the prompt, right? I'm showing you the prompt here first, please.
58:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The first weeker prompt which we gave here is.
58:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate the functional test cases alone. This is your.
58:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Week prompt. And then we are modified it to a better one saying that generate the functional test cases for Salesforce login. Generate only ten test cases and specifying the number here Both positive and negative test cases and I'm also saying this should be my output format and.
58:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And the same as been generated here by your charging the team. Even in Queen also, you are getting the same thing here. Now you can see here only ten test cases are generated, correct? Can you all see here only ten test cases generated along with the format which you have specified.
59:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, No.
59:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So what is the learning here? Proper prompting or proper input to the YLLM gives you the proper output. So this is the difference between your weak prompt and your better or and say that.
59:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can be a strong prompt.
59:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is how if priority is missing, idealiberately I've done that. Priority I didn't add that. I want to show you what whatever I'm just giving here, over here you are saying priority is missing, right? Is that missing? Wait wait wait. When can see your priority is here, right? Medium. It is there.
1:00:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Priority is there.
1:00:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Even here, you can find the priority, what's the priority?
1:00:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Wait, let me just take it up and split it and show you.
1:00:27 : Shishir Kanthi : Last line we see the last.
1:00:29 : sree Abinaya : As high.
1:00:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Wait wait, wait.
1:00:31 : sree Abinaya : Shipping.
1:00:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Here you can find the priority.
1:00:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Whatever format I asked it is giving me the format which I specified it here, ok?
1:00:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is how your prompting works. Wait wait, I'll come to that, I'll come to that. If you want to open that in the Excel now, what we have to do, if at all I need this output in Excel format, now what I have to do here, you guys tell me.
1:00:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Would format Excel now what I have to do here.
1:01:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What I have.
1:01:03 : Gopika Varma : Mention you want to give the.
1:01:05 : Nayana Nayak : We have to give him the.
1:01:07 : Nandhini Shreekanth : To use.
1:01:09 : Abinaya R : And that.
1:01:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your intention is to give that in the CSV format, not just go now.
1:01:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And regenerate and check it.
1:01:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So to make it more comprehensive, if you want Excel also.
1:01:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Excel, yes, you're right. Downloadable format.
1:01:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Giving that here.
1:01:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You'll be getting a downloadable Excel.
1:02:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It takes it gives you the Excel format. So the learning here is better the prompt, whatever you give the proper prompt you'll be getting the proper output.
1:02:29 : Praveen : So there's some.
1:02:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We're doing all the full Excel and I'm just going to download and show you that.
1:02:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me complete this and I'll take up the Q and A please wait. I'll show the Excel downloaded Excel and we can just take up the Q and A.
1:02:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So.
1:02:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay now it is there, it appears here.
1:02:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So let me just go.
1:03:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And see the Excel here.
1:03:19 : M Preetha : Back on the prompt in the chat, please.
1:03:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Also, this is so.
1:03:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The Excel will be there and see the three conditions steps, actual result, actual result that would be done once after executing the test cases and you'll be getting the status here.
1:03:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay well, this is how your prompting works. I'll share the prompts, please wait. I'll take up the Q and A and I'll share the prompts. So clear up. Now we can just proceed with your queries, I think so, Sonia, please go ahead, please raise your hands in the participant list. You can just go ahead.
1:03:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Orange.
1:03:57 : Sowmyanarayanan : Let's take this I mean like you have clearly given that you wanted only ten test cases, so irrespective of setting the priority I mean like it should return only ten test cases, right? So how do you know that you you need to add that a priority in the, as part of the Excel template in the output.
1:04:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So you mean to say I'm just giving here that as a test case, ok, I understood their question Priority what is that I couldn't get your question. Can I just come again.
1:04:23 : Sowmyanarayanan : No irrespective of whether it is a medium or high or low, I mean like it it should by default generate only ten test cases rate I mean like you have limited it to ten test cases.
1:04:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes yes yes. If you want specifically only high priority test cases, just go and give that just generate only P zero and P one test cases or P one and P two test cases.
1:04:42 : Sowmyanarayanan : What I'm asking is even even without giving the priority it should just get to get to ten test cases right so how did chat GPD request generate around twenty two test cases in your first instance?
1:04:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But from its pre trained data set.
1:04:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Already there are models are trained with their data set, right? From their pre trained data set with the input which I'm giving, which is a vague prompt or a week prompt, it decides, see, you just give me only the test cases, you will specify any number. So I decide how much to execute or how much to say generate. If you're giving me.
1:05:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm just going to stick onto that number.
1:05:19 : Sowmyanarayanan : So you you are giving you specifically ten test cases, right? So it should randomly pick any ten test cases, right? For service now.
1:05:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, that is what is happening.
1:05:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Randomly only it is picking some ten test cases.
1:05:33 : M Preetha : It gave some twenty test cases.
1:05:36 : Sowmyanarayanan : Initially it gave more than ten test cases. That is.
1:05:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Oh, that is what I'm telling you. Initially it gave more than twenty ten test cases. Now, reason is from its pre trained data set, it is, it is it is assigning the number as twenty or ten twelve fifteen should be the date, the test cases I'm I should give that in the output. But once after I'm specifying it clearly as just restrict.
1:06:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now it gives only ten to me.
1:06:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Clear up. The question answered so.
1:06:08 : Sowmyanarayanan : But what I thought was like even after you gave ten, I mean like it was getting giving giving twenty years your output, though.
1:06:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : No, no, it won't give that is what you can see here. Even after I'm giving us a ten, let's see here.
1:06:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See my screen, this is the last test case which I have downloaded. Let's check that.
1:06:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah.
1:06:29 : Karthic Ravi : Even train model also it should give only ten, right? Sudarshan.
1:06:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : No, no, no, no. That is that is where your hallocination comes into picture, right? You're not giving the proper input. So model assumes and gives you the output.
1:06:41 : sree Abinaya : Can we just check the prompts which we have given in the chargeability like one case, I think as Soamya mentioned, like we have mentioned ten test cases, but still it it generated twenty five test cases.
1:06:56 : Sowmyanarayanan : Well.
1:06:56 : sree Abinaya : This was as great as.
1:06:59 : Sowmyanarayanan : What you added the priority list.
1:07:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Prompt.
1:07:02 : Sowmyanarayanan : It's still generating more test cases.
1:07:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Wait wait wait. I'm just giving you here, this is the prompt in charge GPT I gave for ten test cases. First time in CSV generated ten and Excel ten ok then so let me just go and show you.
1:07:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So Salesforce login test cases.
1:07:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me check that. So here also what I gave is ten test cases. It has generated only me, only the ten test cases for me. So.
1:07:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I didn't specify the number of test cases.
1:07:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I didn't specify the number of test cases. It has generated me twenty test cases. So clear no?
1:07:49 : Sowmyanarayanan : Okay.
1:07:51 : Karthic Ravi : He's telling that cloud when you are first time you generated, right? That.
1:07:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That's what I'm telling you. I just added some skills and other things based on that it is generating we'll be seeing that later in the phase two. I didn't move on with the cloud right now, ok well.
1:08:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay ok fine. Yes, Jagan please go ahead Jagan.
1:08:15 : Jagan Kokku : Ah, Hishan. For a login function, we are having only three parameters or two parameters, ok? Either user ID password or gmail ID password or OTP. Oh, this is fine. Suppose if I want to create an account, I'm working in standard chattered bank. I want to create an account, ok? I'm having around.
1:08:35 : Jagan Kokku : Fifty to sixty fields I have to be input, ok? In this twenty five fields are mandatory fields. So by giving the prompt by input, that means I have to mention all these fields should be mentioned in the prompt or you.
1:08:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just just the context you're providing that should be mentioned, you're right.
1:08:54 : Jagan Kokku : Okay, ok, ok. Thank you, thank you thank you very right right.
1:08:59 : Gopika Varma : You can just directly attach the.
1:09:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You gotta go pick up one second, please come that order please. People have raised.
1:09:06 : Gopika Varma : Okay ok.
1:09:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thanks for understanding. Yes Janet, please go ahead.
1:09:13 : Jenett : The first automation prompt, right? You have given a role. Is that the ficient way but then why it's not followed in manual prompting.
1:09:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That's what we'll be seeing about role in detail. When you're proceeding further we were when the ice spot framework and other things will be seeing about the role, role based prompting that should be given included. But the start planning, just now we have started I'll tell you how to add the roles, how to add multiple roles, all those things you'll be seeing ok.
1:09:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : They'll be seeing that.
1:09:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Okay Praveen, please go back Praveen. Thank you.
1:09:48 : Praveen : So, out of this three, tools right which you have shown us now, so which is the best option, we need to select s to use so that it gives the accurate the accurate provided prompt.
1:10:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Based on the usages see if you're going with chargeability charging is fine for it has good deep searches and other things that is fine. If you are going specific to the coding kind of thing, you can just go with cloud. So as good reasoning models, documentation and other things for architecture diagram and other things go goes with it, but coding specifically can go with cloud. If you.
1:10:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now, predominantly with your images and other things you can go with Gemini. Okay, that is what initially that is some six months back Bob told like once these models are coming into picture, the work for the people who are in the photo studio that would be reduced. That is actually the one. What happened one for one of my.
1:10:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Was about to take a photo and give to go to them. So unfortunately studiocloum was not having time. So I took a selfie and gave it to the Google Gemini and asked to give a professional photo. It gave me the professional photo. So based on the usages, ok, when you're going with the coding, you can use cloud code.
1:11:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That would be fine. Chargeability, all the general purposes, learning and other things you can go to chargeability. Predominantly with your images and other things go with Germany. All right.
1:11:13 : Praveen : But if you correct but if you see there's a purpose for what which tool we need to use AI. Now, for example, you have taken for all three right that the same scenario for test case automation and automation test case generator or manual test case generator. All three have provided the same results, right? There's no difference or very less if you want the same.
1:11:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Practice where something comes into picture. All three gives the same thing now you're going with the GPT HR GPT now model which is called inside the CHARGBT that goes with number of parameters and other things that depends. It is giving me the test cases, but did, did did we review the test cases and see the quality of test cases.
1:11:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can do the right.
1:11:56 : Praveen : We can do that, right? Yes.
1:11:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, see predominantly all those things will be learning in phase two, how to validate the llm's output. We'll be learning that there are different metrics. Now we can just focus on our prompting, ok, what.
1:12:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And this.
1:12:15 : Praveen : Yeah, there is a one. There is a Germany only that is a separate one. The one which you have used.
1:12:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is from Alibaba that is a different one, that is not from Germany. Winn is from Alibaba.
1:12:27 : Praveen : Go and go oween, right? That is all from.
1:12:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : QW EN that is not overwhelmed twin. QW n.
1:12:36 : Praveen : Oh, so this should come back.
1:12:39 : Poornima S : When is better.
1:12:40 : Praveen : Because.
1:12:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, please go ahead.
1:12:45 : Praveen : So, this, as you mentioned charge dB for general purpose documentation archive design diagram everything, cloud for coding purpose Gemini for images photo studio videos, all these are.
1:13:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Quinn also can be used for your coding. What people are doing here is for in one of our client out of my practical experience I'm telling you, one of our client, they have deployed one model internally as a private LLM. They are using.
1:13:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, well.
1:13:18 : Praveen : How like, which is the best order, what is the difference between cloud and going.
1:13:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It depends on your organization and depends on how we are just going to what is the use case that is what we are going with this case generated and other things normal manual test cases are required, that is fine. You can just go with your.
1:13:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Open models to code, if you want to generate the code now, you can just go with cloud models. Cloud opus is fine, and also cloud zone it, ok, ok. Cloud IQ for lower level coding. Okay, and.
1:13:47 : Praveen : These are llmiss only, right?
1:13:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes yes, we'll be learning that when you're progressing, we'll be learning that. Okay, well, just go to groc. You have just registered in grog. Did you register in grok?
1:14:00 : Praveen : I have done the registration but I have not used.
1:14:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You see the models.
1:14:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Any models in homepage.
1:14:12 : Praveen : That's.
1:14:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Won't upgrade, it will be having a different purposes, ok? Fine. I can.
1:14:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, yeah, please go ahead.
1:14:24 : sree Abinaya : Yes Sudashan. So during the automation the script generation, right? So we have given the login case as an example. So generally it was trying to locate the elements. So what about like when I go in depth, right? After logging into my application, it's like applications oriented located will be there, right? How can.
1:14:45 : sree Abinaya : Done.
1:14:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is what you will be learning that when you're moving on with phase two with rag. The context of your application will be available from the user stories and other things. We will be generating according to the context, ok?
1:15:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Yes, I've, please go ahead Abinaya.
1:15:05 : Abinaya R : Yeah, my question was if you're using the same thing in copilot it will work it will give the better result like other thing because in my company they restricted everything except to co pilot. So your we are discussing right the last week assignment also depending upon what contacts you want, you have to use the different models. But so far in this situation.
1:15:25 : Abinaya R : We have only copied. So it will give a better results because I'm working in the gaming, so I have to deal with the text, I have to deal with the images, everything i have to deal for translate everything. So in such a way what we have to do.
1:15:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here, your GitHub is purely a coding agent. That is assistant coding assistant that is going to assist you in coding, but here why we are learning about models tomorrow we'll be learning about LLM APIs. So with you can't create the agents. Mean to can't create in the sense you'll be able to create a design, develop the agent.
1:16:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But in order to call the LLM, you need the LLM APs, specifically that LLM APs, your organizations would have been deployed or brought in a cloud, a particular LLM from the service provider, they will be giving you the URL and they'll be just sharing you all those things, model details. So when it comes to answer your question, that is purely a co.
1:16:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Agent or coding assistant. That is how it has been, it has to be used, but there are many mixed consumption that is going on in the industry right now. Giving copilot access doesn't mean that you're going, you will be just building the agent and you can full fully build in the entire agent or building the agent, whole pilot is fine to call the llmiss.
1:16:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Models, you need the APIs, those APs are provided by the LLM service providers, that is one of the APIs GROC. Okay.
1:16:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is where we do I told you to be instructed you to install broke. Tomorrow you'll be learning a postman how to call those APs, what are the different functions done? Connecting the dots next week, you'll be learning about the apps. For that you need the LLM APs. Yeah.
1:17:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's like, yes please go ahead.
1:17:13 : sakthivel sundar : Hi, the prompt which we are seeing right that has only less number, for example, only login page we are seeing. Is it if I give a full application scenario, for example, around the fifty two hundred lines of.
1:17:28 : sakthivel sundar : Will any charge BTR or the cloud will give proper answering or we need to split it into multiple prompts and give get our expected output.
1:17:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We're seeing that like there is something called chain of parts that can be done, that will also provide you a proper answers. That is that is there when your progressing will be seeing that.
1:17:51 : sakthivel sundar : Okay, see and you were.
1:17:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Detail here whatever we learned right now is you guys got the clear picture, how the prompt gives you the proper output. Previously, the person that might that might be the perception like prompt is just giving just the input, I'm just going to get the output, but that is not the case. Proper way to give the input so that you're getting the appro.
1:18:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Appropriate output. Okay, well, ok. We'll be sending.
1:18:17 : sakthivel sundar : Okay, and one more thing is US mentioning about skill, right? I have some specific questions related to that.
1:18:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I think can we discuss later? Sure that is not in a scope right now you can just connect to the mentors later during the weekdays and just discuss because we don't want to deviate. We can just go with.
1:18:36 : sakthivel sundar : Yeah, yeah, I know I agree with that's.
1:18:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thank you, thanks, thanks for understanding. Yes, please go ahead Srinia.
1:18:46 : srinivasan : So this one, if we are generating ten cases, how can we make sure that the entire functionality has been tested in the ten cases.
1:18:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is what I have told you like the evaluation of llm. We'll be learning that during the phase one.
1:19:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay fine.
1:19:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, Ankit please go ahead Ankit.
1:19:11 : Aniketh : Yeah hi, so I just wanted to know about a brief introduction of the role based prompting.
1:19:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Seeing that we'll be seeing that next once after this we'll be having a classroom session for five months or ten months and then post break we'll be seeing that how to proceed with the role based prompting. I'll tell you that clearly. Thank you.
1:19:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine, ok. Yes, go pick up please go ahead.
1:19:41 : Gopika Varma : Yeah, so I have tried this test case generation using.
1:19:46 : Gopika Varma : AI, what I did is actually I uploaded few requirements in the document and I asked the chat GPT to create some test case for that requirement. But then I saw when the result came, the traceability was all over the place because chat gpt itself started creating some requirement IDs and it.
1:20:07 : Gopika Varma : Following the ID specified in the document. And also lot of duplicate test cases were also coming.
1:20:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is where your prompting comes into picture.
1:20:16 : Gopika Varma : So prompt also I have generated through AI only.
1:20:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Long.
1:20:23 : Gopika Varma : For all at this stage, I.
1:20:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Stage you have to give the prompt clearly though you upload the document, you have to say that my format should be this. My requirement ID should start with this particular prefix. All those.
1:20:38 : Gopika Varma : So the because I had, after generating the prompt from copilot I had reviewed the prompt also and I had edited the prompt as per my.
1:20:50 : Gopika Varma : Requirement of the output.
1:20:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So it's your organization requirement with respect to project, right?
1:20:54 : Gopika Varma : Yes yes.
1:20:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please connect us offline because if you're going with that right now, then you want to share the screen and other things will happen, which please connect with.
1:21:04 : Gopika Varma : Wanted to know is it expected that the charge GPT or AI will give you multiple test cases with the same behavior, like a duplicate.
1:21:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I am telling you here is the context is not given properly. That is where how the charge GPT or any other things knows these are the test cases that has to be generated, though your requirement is there, but how the chargeability know whether that particular case is already present or not.
1:21:31 : Gopika Varma : Meeting in the list itself, if it is generating twenty test cases there are around three test case which is doing the same.
1:21:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, what i'll try to tell you is you'll be learning about the prompting here with the constraints. Use those constraints and check and tell me whether that is working fine or not. Once after completing this, ok?
1:21:50 : Gopika Varma : Okay, ok.
1:21:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So do we need to mention anything related to test coverage while prompting CR once again I'm telling you test coverage with prompting now charge EPD doesn't knows your user stories or entire requirement or anything like that. So we are completely validating the output of the LLM. That is where I've already answered like we are just going to go with us ev.
1:22:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Evaluation of LLM in the phase two.
1:22:15 : Azmat : Fine.
1:22:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Meta prompting is asking the chargeability or any of the agent to generate the prompt. At this stage, just write the prompt in practice Meta is not required. Is there any way that how we can come to know the prompt is crossed over the max token limits? That is where your context window comes into picture.
1:22:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We are, we can also control the maximum limit of the prompt with the API call. Tomorrow will be learning that.
1:22:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. So, see guys I'll just take the questions quickly and we can move on. I think so Gopika or my answer to your question, right? All your questions are answered. You can see the constraints once after learning the constraints, you apply that, you come to know that. Okay, well.
1:23:02 : Gopika Varma : One more thing can I ask? Why, why did you advise that do not generate a prompt through AI?
1:23:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Been completely depend only on AA. If something is there, if something if you want to tweak and write the prompt for your implementation or for your interview, someone is asking to write the prompty whether you will say that I have just got all the prompts from A and I'll just generated that that be a good answer.
1:23:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : At this stage I'm telling you that it's not a good practice.
1:23:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : If the if the LLM is allicinating or the context is known to your LLM, how the LLM knows the context actually.
1:23:41 : Gopika Varma : That I will be leaving through descriptive English, right?
1:23:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can give that, see that is what I'm telling you. If you want you can generate and use it but at this stage it is not advisable to use it.
1:23:52 : Gopika Varma : Should.
1:23:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Having the prompty skill at all.
1:23:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
1:23:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Don't go with the meta prompting as of now. Okay fine. Go ahead preetah.
1:24:11 : M Preetha : Salesforce knows that if the if it is not for common Salesforce application, if you wanted to have for specific for some other thing, some other specific to our project, if you wanted to create, in that case, how can we create this.
1:24:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm telling you clearly now your project specific things start GBT doesn't understand. This is a common answer I'm just going to give to all. It is coming to project specific, the context of your project is not aware by the charge GPD. For that purpose only we'll be going for a rack, which will be learning in phase two. Okay.
1:24:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes Sarah please go ahead, yeah.
1:24:49 : Arun Kumar : Hey hi Sudashan. So in my organization we were using cursor. So what I did was for automation, I have I have faced.
1:24:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One second one second one second. If it is your project specific things, what we can do is we can just take the questions after six thirty.
1:25:06 : Arun Kumar : It's not the kind of project specific, it's I have based on I have faced an exception called no such exception. So in general if we correct the X part it will be fixed. But when I copy paste that here in cursor and it is giving some other code with JavaScript executor, so that is not.
1:25:26 : Arun Kumar : Suffice, so how can we overcome this.
1:25:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is also is a prompting only. Just copying and pasting the terror around doesn't give the context right you have to clearly say what is the file, what is the line number you're getting the error and one more thing that you'll give the.
1:25:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This thing clearly, that is your exception clearly and also specify that Dom element around that particular element alone also given to that and it also depends on what model you're using in cursor.
1:25:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What is the model you're using in cursor.
1:25:58 : Arun Kumar : I was using Opus four point six.
1:26:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That would be fine only.
1:26:04 : Arun Kumar : Yeah.
1:26:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And the problem.
1:26:05 : Arun Kumar : So I was I have copied the entire log.
1:26:10 : Arun Kumar : In which line, in which method I have copied the entire log and I have pasted it there, but still it has given me the code with the lengthy code with the JavaScript executor, so I just.
1:26:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is that is where you have to prompt correctly what is your requirement here you know that your requirement is not that lengthy code. Give your prompt properly. Even internally your cursor is also going to call the agent only. You give your prompt properly and check it, ok? If not, if you're facing the same issue connect to test on weekdays will be helping you, ok?
1:26:42 : Arun Kumar : Cool.
1:26:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is Praveen, please go ahead Praveen.
1:26:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So question.
1:26:54 : Praveen : Yeah, one one question you answered my previous questions, one question. Can you repeat that the question where you mentioned about we'll use rack for that purpose? I just missed on that. Can you repeat that?
1:27:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All your application specific your organization specific chargeability doesn't understand any context here. So for that purpose, in order to give the proper context, you'll be using rack, you'll be learning that by phase two, in phase two, you'll be learning that, ok?
1:27:22 : Praveen : Okay.
1:27:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes Vikash, please go ahead Vikash. I'll stop with Vikash and we can just move on.
1:27:31 : Vikash : So my question is related with the so.
1:27:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The voice is people like I can't hear you. Could you please be louded?
1:27:41 : Vikash : Is it better now?
1:27:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, Yeah.
1:27:44 : Vikash : So since we last project I got an opportunity to work on LLM prompt. So there.
1:27:54 : Vikash : The purpose of that prompt was to generate one line with test scenarios from the requirement document. So, when I instructed the prompt to generate the sub pointers and requirements also in a single.
1:28:11 : Vikash : As a single scenarios, so sometimes it was giving me the.
1:28:17 : Vikash : Giving me the one liners for those sub pointers, and sometimes it was I mean again when I was running the same prompter it was not giving me. So was it due to issue or.
1:28:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, that is purely, you can't say that as an allestination, that is your prompt. Just give a script to prompt with keywords. We will be learning the keywords, ok well so predominantly for most of you, once after learning the framework, we have a framework called icepot. You follow that, all your issues predominantly most issues with your prompt.
1:28:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Will be resolved. I understand your question. Sometimes the reason for might be the input query, whatever you are giving, even that won't be if it is not sufficient for the alerm to understand.
1:29:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So because just wait, we'll be learning in detail with the sidespot framework once after that implement and check. So that is going to be a home assignment today. Once after learning this upper laptop is to prepared just go at least spend half an hour to forty five minutes implementing your office application and see the difference. You will feel.
1:29:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The difference. Hundred percentage i'm telling you will feel the difference. Okay, wow.
1:29:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I answered most of your call of your questions.
1:29:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What came to the.
1:29:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Office implementation now we can you won't go for that. Correct.
1:29:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Office both operation. Okay, fine.
1:29:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So let's move on guys.
1:30:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I'll just quickly walk through to this.
1:30:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is also the same thing. Let me just go here.
1:30:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Prompt and strong prompt, we saw that in two scenarios, this is also the same thing anyways, I'll just give you the share you this particular pdf file presentation as a PDF, you can use it for your reference. Good, better, and also the best prompt that includes the role. When you're moving on with role base I'll tell you how the role should be added, ok? And what is.
1:30:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The purpose of adding the role? These are same things. Whatever we've done a bad a better and the best. We'll be seeing that in detail. So let's move on with the next thing. This is predominant thing guys, please be watchful here. We are just going to see the high spot framework. So I'll give you the brief introduction to high spot and then what we can do.
1:30:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We can just take a break and come back. After that I'll teach you some of the ice first alone first eyes alone in ice part and then we can have a practice session. Okay, well, Clear.
1:31:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, Cool then. So the size part framework that is designed by test Leaf, there's a golden framework which we have designed and predominantly we are using in our project also and previously the learners, whatever they have done that with the high spot, all your issues, whatever you are telling right now, my prompt is not working.
1:31:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Properly, problem is with the prompt, all these can be resolved when you are following this framework. This is pretty much simpler, but it's a powerful one. Please follow this. So here I'm just going to abbreviate the things in a spot. So I stands for Instruction.
1:31:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, I stands for instruction. C is for.
1:31:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : For context.
1:31:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : E is for.
1:32:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : E is.
1:32:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Persona.
1:32:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Who is.
1:32:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Who's.
1:32:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : T is your.
1:32:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Harikumar, could you please mute yourself?
1:32:25 : harikumar s : What the thing is.
1:32:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : For Mentors, can you just copy this and paste in your WhatsApp group.
1:32:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just take a snapshot of the size part and paste it. Let me show you clearly.
1:32:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Hope you can use the main group you can post it.
1:32:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So after completed just type, give me done messages done so that I can proceed.
1:33:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So we posted.
1:33:10 : Prabakaran TestLeaf : And then.
1:33:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine cool. So I'm just going to explain each and everything. What is the purpose of this framework? You're saying is for instruction context, example, I'm just coming here. What is the purpose of this framework? So here, we are going for the prompt, we are understood clearly that when we are giving the proper prompt.
1:33:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Proper proper prompt, you'll be getting a proper output, correct? Yes, no?
1:33:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We have visually seen that, correct? The prompt is proper, will be able to get the proper output. So in order to design the proper prompt, in order to design prompt.
1:33:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We are using this ice part framework. So ice part framework is the framework or you can say that it's the guidelines or framework to.
1:34:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Guidelines or.
1:34:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Framework to.
1:34:18 : Shishir Kanthi : Yeah.
1:34:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Wrong.
1:34:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To get the better results, better results from LLM. That is where your high spot framework comes into picture. So here we have divided this into.
1:34:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Three or six categories. So let's see one by one. First one is instructions. Please be watchful here. First one is instruction. So your instruction here is nothing but whatever the input, whatever the intent of the user, let's take this example.
1:35:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See here, I want to generate the functional test cases for login, correct?
1:35:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And I'm saying that generate only ten test cases. Generate both past to a negative scenarios. All these are nothing but my user input or inspection which I'm giving to the LLM. Yes to no.
1:35:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Correct?
1:35:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All these are nothing but the instruction. I'm just giving that to the LLM. So, instructions are nothing but input or.
1:35:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can say that input or.
1:35:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Instructions.
1:35:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Given to LLM. So how I can generate the test cases? I want to let's take, let's take two scenarios. One is with normal test case generation and another was with your test script generation, ok, what, you can apply that in your organization level also if you're.
1:36:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Providing the proper context, we'll see that practically, that is mean to say you will be seeing the difference previously when you have generated the test script, how, how it has worked and once after following this, how it is going to work. Now.
1:36:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Instruction, it should always start with the action or verb.
1:36:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm setting some constraints here, always.
1:36:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Starts with.
1:36:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Action. So generate action now, do you agree with me? So this action word that should be that always start with an action. And then.
1:36:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It should be simple clear and precise. Don't use complex English. Simple English is fine. And that shouldn't be any duplicates.
1:36:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So duplicates now I'll tell you an example. Here, I'm saying that generate only ten test cases. Do here what I'm just trying to do generate fifteen test cases mean to say it's not duplicate, it is contradictory. There shouldn't be any.
1:37:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Conflict in the instruction.
1:37:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What I'm trying to tell is generate ten test cases and in this slide generate both passive and negative scenarios.
1:37:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Saying that.
1:37:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Then positive and.
1:37:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Five negative.
1:37:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now you guys tell me line number two and line number three, there's a contradiction correct up. Yes, no, there is a conflict. First you are telling to generate only ten test cases and in another way you are saying to generate fifteen test cases here, but in a different way. So these contradictions or conflicts.
1:38:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Should not be there when you are writing a proper instruction. And one more thing, please be watchful here. Add the strong keywords.
1:38:12 : Jenett : What's.
1:38:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Strong.
1:38:15 : Jenett : Yes.
1:38:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's. So I'll show you how to just change these three steps to a proper instruction, ok, what.
1:38:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is starting with the action word. All these are simple and clear. That is no conflict. Now what I'm doing here both positive and negative scenario put the return. So for me.
1:38:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Want to generate only functional test cases. I don't want any non functional test cases or any other test cases, correct? Yes, no.
1:39:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I can just give the keyword here as script.
1:39:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yellow lum understands all the keywords with caps and other things. So I can give that a script to generate only the functions, functional test cases generate only functional test cases.
1:39:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Are the couple of next step here is predominantly what I'm just going to do here, I want to generate only ten test cases. So.
1:39:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Mandatory.
1:39:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : For me to generate only ten test cases and what I'm giving here.
1:39:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Specify tasks critical because I want only positive and negative scenario it can be a critical or once again I can just give the same keyword here. Reputation is ok. Now, one more thing, let's go back here.
1:40:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here.
1:40:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We got the ten test cases, this is your Excel format here. Now, what I'm just going to do here, I'm just going to add another one as critical.
1:40:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Do not.
1:40:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate or.
1:40:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Typical, do not generate.
1:40:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Duplicate.
1:40:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test cases. Okay, well, and then.
1:40:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Functional test cases for login. Now, functional test cases for login is fine. Login can be of different things, right? That can be.
1:41:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Two factor authentication to be validated character to MFA multi factor authentication or it can be a OTP based. Yes, no or only with username and password, Correct, it can be anything. When you generate, ok, your test case.
1:41:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : May not be having all this scenario. For that also, you can mention here. So.
1:41:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Include.
1:41:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Mandatory and say that.
1:41:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate.
1:41:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test cases.
1:41:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Covering MFE and.
1:41:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Login.
1:41:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now, I know the functionality of my application, so I'm giving the instruction properly to the LLM so that I'm getting the expected output, and then one more thing I'm just adding here as strict. Let's say I want only P one and P two test cases.
1:42:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, Generate, only.
1:42:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Priority.
1:42:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : P two.
1:42:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Which is.
1:42:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Critical and.
1:42:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Or very high and high. Now tell me whether all these things together that would be a fine, whether that would be a fine.
1:42:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is how you have to give the keywords. See keywords are not random. Whatever you feel say for example, if I want let's say I'm just getting anger to express my anger I'll just say that something in the gapse Likewise, here you are expressing your thing that hey I want strictly these things to be generated. It's a.
1:43:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Mandatory. You can also have non negotiable. All these things which you which we are giving that with the keywords, those constraints are considered as non negotiable LM will not compromise, ok, well, if you're giving it generate only on script. Yes, you're right. Based on the scenario, we'll be getting different.
1:43:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Keywords. I'll share you the keywords list later. End of the day I'll share you the keyword list. As of now, these three are fine. See, keywords depends on your scenario, please understand.
1:43:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We didn't go even this do not also you can just say critical mandatory.
1:43:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I can just give that as high priority.
1:43:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : First practice this then you can just I'll send you the keywords, you can just see that. All these these keywords are pretty much enough, ok? High priority. You can use high priority also. What is high priority? You can say that.
1:44:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Stick to the.
1:44:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output format. See I'm, I'm not going to give the output format as of now. We can see that later, ok? Fine.
1:44:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah, it is not see please please don't message me I'll give you some time, please understand.
1:44:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See if I'm getting interrupted now that is difficult for others to continue please I'll give you some time. I'm telling some concepts itself, most of the inquiries will be covered, please. Thanks for understanding. So it is if they're asking me whether I have to give it caps now I'm making I want the LLM to understand follow that strictly.
1:45:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I'm making that as a caps. If you don't want you don't want to give that as a caps. As a format I'm just giving that within the double square bracket. If no want, you can just always normally remind that as strict alone without the square bracket also that is fine. But if you are giving this, I'm following a proper format to the llm.
1:45:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : With the LLM can understand it, it can differentiate that it's a keyword for differentiating that it's a keyword I'm just giving that within the square bracket. So all these comes with the instruction. Now you tell me whether this instruction is fine or not saying I'm saying say for example.
1:45:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I have given you the task or your boss or your manager is giving you the task, will they assign you the priority? They will they will validate the mandatory things, they'll be strict on the timelines, Correct, without saying anything, just do the task now how will you proceed with the task? Will latagically proceed and whatever the output we are getting.
1:46:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That won't be an appropriate output. True or do you all agree with me? That is where the usage of proper inspections with keywords comes into picture. So, use it efficiently. This is how you can proceed with your keywords here. Okay, well, this is your instructions. Next thing is.
1:46:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll just make this as instruction.
1:46:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The next thing is context. So what can be the context.
1:46:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's see here. What is the context.
1:46:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Context is nothing but assigning the.
1:46:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Role to LLM and.
1:46:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Setting up the.
1:46:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Background.
1:47:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So what role can be assigned to the LLM here, any idea how to do that? So setting up the background and assigning the role, I'm just going to write the context here.
1:47:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See, tester is a generic one. So what type of application is Salesforce? Salesforce is a CRM application, correct term. Yes, no.
1:47:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now I'm just going to assign this to the LLM as a.
1:47:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Or as an experienced.
1:47:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce.
1:47:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : CRM.
1:47:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Tester.
1:47:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
1:47:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And I can see that context here is.
1:47:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You are in.
1:47:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Experienced.
1:48:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce.
1:48:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : CRM.
1:48:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Testing engineer.
1:48:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : For tester.
1:48:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So what are the things I'm giving here? I'm saying that you are a Salesforce CRM tester that is fine. What is the application I'm just going to test here, that is Salesforce. So setting up of the application and role, application and role to LLM is your context or background. You're saying the backgro.
1:48:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You are a experienced salesforce CRM tester, follow the instructions below. So if you are working in the banking domain, how we can say how I can assign the role to you, can you type quickly in the chat guys? I cannot How I can assign the role to the LLM here. You are an experience or you can write that as.
1:48:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Act as a or act as a.
1:48:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Experienced. Right write write that in the chat. Be detail. Act as an experienced.
1:49:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Banking.
1:49:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Domain.
1:49:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Testing expert.
1:49:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Whether it is giving you the proper this thing or not role to the LLM and saying that your this is your background of your application.
1:49:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I can also add having.
1:49:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Banking domain. Yes core banking SME, correct. Banking till from your application, just type in chat pick, pick, take another two minutes, type in chat from your application, what are the contacts can be set.
1:49:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Not only with banking, ok, Act as a teller of see I don't want one line answer. One line answer value, just type it. If you're not typing it right now you won't be having the habit of writing the clear prompts. Act as an experienced switch to payments professional ok.
1:50:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Act as an experienced casino gaming testing expert, find abnail. Come on, come on, quick guys, write it write it. Experienced editor in healthcare domain. Experienced editor in the sense you can add more thing. What, what, what you're going to do, what is the editor's purpose? Can add that.
1:50:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Act as a experienced insurance domain testing expert, Having your core domain knowledge Fine, that is fine. Act as a retail application senior tester. What is that retail application is, whether that is a point of sale or what is the application type also you can just explain it, elaborately in the context.
1:50:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Act being a act as the, as I experience order management retail domain testing expert. Okay.
1:50:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : As an experienced test engineer in core telecom building fine.
1:50:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Through protest engineer and have a crew pro domain knowledge fine. Okay years of experience also that is fine. You can add it. You can not only the testing engineer, you can make that as a SME right subject matter expert is also fine. Correct.
1:51:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. As an experienced Salesforce cloud QA, fine. So now what is the benefit of setting this context? What happens here? You are assigning the role to the LLM. No, what happens here? LLM will be acting as that role and.
1:51:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And it will generate you the output.
1:51:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can you get my point here? Normal generation it will go and get the data and give it to you. Specifically if you're giving us context here and asking an LLM to play that rule. You're asking LLM clearly, hey, play this role here. So what happens here? It is going to play the ro.
1:52:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It avoids validation but still you can strengthen the prompt.
1:52:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is how your context plays into picture.
1:52:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Clear up.
1:52:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Context is nothing but setting up the background and assigning the role. I'll share you this document also text document also, you can just use it for your reference. And instruction is nothing but you're just going to give step by step what is your need? That is the instruction can also add the keywords which is required.
1:52:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay well, so this is how the instructions and contacts in the ispot documents will be coming Yes, not in the GitHub, we'll share the WhatsApp and platform dot testing dot com, you can have it. Fine. So guys, what we can do is it's already four forty here. We can just take a break.
1:53:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fifteen minutes break and come back. I'll go with ICEE, that is instruction contacts and example and we can go for a classroom session. Once after classroom session is done, most of your queries will be resolved. You can ask your queries in the classroom session with the mentors because we'll be dividing this into a different subgroups. So.
1:53:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Different sessions will be there. Breakout session will be there. You can join the breakout session and get your queries clarified. And also you can practice predominant things for your practice. So when you're practicing it, most of your queries will be getting resolved. Okay, Eva, fine.
1:53:48 : Praveen : Questions and then.
1:53:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Break I'm just going to take up with an example that is icepotler. I'll be taking up E example, and you'll be having a classroom session. I'll not take up questions there.
1:54:00 : Praveen : I have one question sir, before we break up. Just want to check on this part. So you mentioned initially that this iceport framework is from test lead, correct?
1:54:12 : Praveen : Now this format is format right of the way you have explained like critical high priority and all the other things, like keywords. If this keywords has been designed by your test leaf company and how it is been accepted and by the charge GDP or cloud.
1:54:32 : Praveen : Or any other.
1:54:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is the generic one. You have to understand one thing. See sailing here, we have we have analyzed how the LLM understands if you're giving the keywords.
1:54:46 : Praveen : Okay, so.
1:54:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We have took that set of keywords and we have just given it here. That is what I told you keywords changes based on your use case.
1:54:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Hope you understand the things, say for example if I'm just sending some message saying that strictly how to follow this now, whether you'll follow that strictly or will be. That is how the LLM also understand. Whatever you are giving us an input, you'll be getting there is an output. You are instructing the LLM here, ok?
1:55:11 : Praveen : Got it. Thank you.
1:55:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But fine guys, we can just.
1:55:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Take a break and you can come back. That is not fine tuning fine tuning is pretty much different. Don't get confused. We'll be learning that before three week. Take a break and you can be here at exactly in another fifteen minutes that is four fifty five. Right?
2:10:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just type back so that and just take the count and we can just get started. Take back.
2:10:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, fine. So now you guys tell me whether we can complete the high spot and we can practice or once after ice is done, we can just go for a practice because other three are simpler I can just complete it off with your opinion I can just proceed further, whether we can complete the ice spot and you can just get a ful.
2:10:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So that we'll be able to complete and go for practice, correct? Okay, fine. Thank you. So let me just resume the recording.
2:11:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Once after practicing, just come back. Most of your queries will be resolved, then we can have a Q and A and move on with the advanced prompting. Okay, fine. Thanks for that.
2:11:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So you asked for some of the keywords, right? So there are few keywords which are there that can be a mandatory critical, do not. You can include only.
2:11:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your context whatever you want to stick on and say to the LLM strictly, you can use that as a.
2:11:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Capital one anyways, I'll share you all these lists once after the session with the detailed one. Now we can just move on with the high spot. So here.
2:11:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me just go here.
2:12:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We saw what is instruction, what is contacts, and now we are just going to see the examples. Before that, someone has asked me, you didn't say about rule based prompting or rule prompting role based prompting or role prompting. Now, here, in the context we have added the role to the LLM, correct? Yes, no.
2:12:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Have we added the role to the LLM? Yes, no.
2:12:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So that is your role based prompting. Role based prompting enhances your output, ok? Fine. Now let's move on with the example here.
2:12:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So, example, what we have to do here I'm just going to give a specific format. Previously we have given this format character. Yes, no, I should have this in particular format now we have given that. So now I'm just going to give that format here.
2:13:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Saying to the LLM, this should be in the example. My test case should start with the prefix, ok? That is prefixes yes of underscore login. I can just make it up. I can just take this as SF on there, I just make this as Salesforce.
2:13:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Underscore login one one zero zero one. Now I'm just giving this example format here. So what happens going forward LLM will be generating these test cases in this specified example format. That is what will happen here. That is where the example plays the tal role. I can give.
2:13:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Give you one real time this thing. Say for example, you have been asked to test a particular functionality or you have been asked to let's take, create a test strategy document. What test strategy document that they are asking you to create. But you don't have an idea on what format it would be or that should be some example should be available.
2:14:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : In order to proceed further in developing the document Yes, no. So if that example is given to you, will you be able to replicate the same thing according to your needs? Correct term? Just think in that way. See even the LM is not going to do any magic without a proper prompting.
2:14:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Like how we need a proper example or proper criteria to check the per particular thing, Likewise, for the LLM also, we are specifying some example formats here. That is your example which you're providing here in the icepot. Stating the LLM that, hey, all the test cases should be generated in.
2:14:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This particular format. That is your example. Next thing moving back to the slide here, what we have is persona. Please be watchful here. Please be watchful here. Next thing is persona. So here, you guys tell me, what is the role play.
2:15:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : By the LLM here? What is the role played by the LLM here?
2:15:08 : Pavana : For crm plus four.
2:15:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce.
2:15:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce CRM tester what it is doing here, it is going to generate many test cases, correcter? It helps me in writing the test cases, correct?
2:15:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes or no? Yes.
2:15:26 : Pavana : Yes yes.
2:15:27 : Jenett : It's the focus.
2:15:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So next thing, next thing, so I'm just going to ask this to you, if someone is writing the test cases, that should be a reviewer rate.
2:15:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That should be a reviewer correct.
2:15:39 : Jenett : Yes.
2:15:39 : Vishakha Pachpande : It's.
2:15:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So how the should also play the role of reviewer, correct?
2:15:48 : Pavana : So.
2:15:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So in order to go with the multi rules, ok? When you want LLM to go with multiple roles, you can use the persona. So now what I'm going to do here.
2:16:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm just going to add one more line.
2:16:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Mandatory.
2:16:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Review score.
2:16:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test cases.
2:16:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So max score on the.
2:16:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Max score on the, let's say.
2:16:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Score limiters ten.
2:16:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
2:16:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now, I'm going to add a persona here.
2:16:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Add.
2:16:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : At as a.
2:16:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : SME.
2:16:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Are let's say that Salesforce.
2:16:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : SME or lead test lead.
2:17:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Review the.
2:17:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This case and.
2:17:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate score. Now, initially while executing or while giving this prompt, what happens test case LLM access a experienced Salesforce CRM tester and its generates the test case. And then once the test cases are generated now, what happens it.
2:17:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It plays the role of team lead, ok? It role plays the role of team lead to review the test cases and give you the score.
2:17:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is where the persona comes into picture. Okay, what, next thing when you are moving on, that is your output.
2:17:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output. So what is the output here? Already we have learned about output. What could be the output? The format in which I need the test cases.
2:18:05 : Jenett : Stop test.
2:18:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I can say that as an Excel format, right?
2:18:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay? Yes.
2:18:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test cases as.
2:18:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Downloadable.
2:18:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Excel.
2:18:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I'm specifying the output format here. See here.
2:18:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Once after specifying it LLM after generating the score generating the test cases scoring finally the output will be generated in the Excel format. That is your output here. So the last one and the final one is tone. So before going to the tone, have you all explored charge.
2:18:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : PPT? Charge GPT on the settings areaking up, how many of you have explored the settings of charge GPT? Just type me.
2:19:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Not fully ok. Assign my another assignment for you guys, go explore the settings of charge GPT, ok well see the settings here. When you're going to the settings, I'll zoom in. Can you all see the menu name to personalization? Can you all see the menu name, personalization.
2:19:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Click on that.
2:19:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So, it gives you the multiple tones and what character you want. See here, if you want go over the professional tone or friendly tone, whatever tone you are specifying that particular tone can be taken by the charge GPT here. This is for entire charge or if you want to specify.
2:19:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can also do that via prompting. I'll show you an example, ok? You sure what we have done, would have done the.
2:19:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : If you want to write a mail to the client or your manager or anyone you would have used the charge PPT, professional tone on the mention model. Now, see here, right? And this from.
2:20:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : South Africa.
2:20:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Right, right write an email.
2:20:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : On.
2:20:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Who are we or.
2:20:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Casual leave.
2:20:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
2:20:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : In the.
2:20:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Professional.
2:20:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : South African.
2:20:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Tone.
2:20:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's check it.
2:20:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To your.
2:20:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is giving you the stone, Correct, the same thing.
2:20:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : If you try with different tones, say for example, I'm just taking the same thing. I'm going to a new chat.
2:21:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Who I'm saying that North America.
2:21:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : North American. So.
2:21:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'd like to request a cash or leave on date due to personalization and ensure that pending work is completed properly or handed over to me before my leave. This is your South Africa north American tone. We are going for your.
2:21:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : South African tone, that is completely different. So even charge GPT or any chart agent understands your tone, whether that want to be a professional or personal tone could be understood. So here, I predominantly, when you are going for test case generation, two one is not required, but if you want.
2:22:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To add.
2:22:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just add that as generate.
2:22:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Professional tone or what I can say that.
2:22:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Won't learn the generate review comments.
2:22:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : In a.
2:22:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Professional tool. I don't want to be awkward with the review comments, professional Tone I'm asking to generate it. So the completed entire thing that is I'm setting the context here that is applying a or giving a role to the LLMS experience CRM tester and this is my intent in section is nothing but whatever.
2:22:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The things I required, I need the test cases, how the test cases to be generated. So I'm just giving that in detail the keywords, the sample example saying that it should have this particular format and along with that, I'm also seeing that it should also review the test cases reve personnel, what is the person purpose of personnel here.
2:23:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You guys tell me what is the purpose of personnel here.
2:23:23 : Jenett : For multiple rules. So.
2:23:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce team need to review the test cases multiple roles is done output level, it is going to generate the test case as a downloadable. Okay what then what we are doing here I'm setting a professional tone to get the review comments. So now you guys tell me, is.
2:23:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is this instruction or detailed the prompt is detailed or how is that.
2:23:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What we would have done previously is would have given that in a one line or two line, correct? Can I have multiple roles multiple personnel can be added. Previously we would have given that in one or two lines. So in order to set the context for the LLM to understand things, you're prompting should be proper detailed and clear. Now we can just go and gene.
2:24:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : With this.
2:24:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, you can have multiple roles for the persona, more than one role is also possible.
2:24:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : More than one role here, how to just say that here if you want, you can add add another role as a test lead and as soon as soon as the SME, that is also can be done.
2:24:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See role and persona is not contracting, please understand that persona here, role of role here for the first, it generates the test cases with the role as Salesforce engineer. Once after generating the test case, another role is assigned to the LLM to review the test case as Salesforce test lead. So it is not a con.
2:25:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please understand the difference, Barish.
2:25:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So we are just going to see that here yes the persona here in my prompt is going to be for review and give the feedback. That is only for review here. LLM, the personal role is only for review here in this context.
2:25:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's go back here.
2:25:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now let's go and see the test case generation.
2:25:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So your detailly are given to include MFE and OTP coverage scenarios and also professional tone here.
2:26:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Main role and standard role now for what you are having the admin role and standard role, please according to the context, say for example admin role and standard role, no? You can say that.
2:26:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The test case level that comes under the instruction, but in your scenario, if admin rights should be different and your normal user right should be different, that is pretty much different. That they see a clearly to tell you one thing is the role in the context and personnel, they are not contradictory. Role.
2:26:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You are assigning a first role to generate test cases and other things finally, personnel is for going with the multiple roles. That is if you want to review or once again, once after review, if you want to score for a second review by the manager, even that will also be done by LLM. It goes for review one and review two, that is also.
2:26:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Possible. So now we got the test cases.
2:27:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Here.
2:27:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One second yes.
2:27:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is different, just.
2:27:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is my new file. I got only the critical and P one and P two cases. You can see here.
2:27:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Actual result is given and here it also gives the review scope.
2:27:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : If you want to make the review store more comprehensive, you can just go with the test case level also. But here, our learning is.
2:28:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : First the test cases here, functional test cases here are generated by role as your.
2:28:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Salesforce engineer, and then here as your.
2:28:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is serve your high spot framework works. Similarly, when you're going for an automation, I'll come to the automation here. We are going for an automation.
2:28:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll show you how that works. I have that handy. I'll share with you, you can also go through them. Okay, so.
2:28:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Automation.
2:28:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me just go back here.
2:28:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes.
2:28:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here, I'm just assigning the role to act as an automation assistant with the Salesforce knowledge. And see the instruction am I saying it to generate the Java based test script? Yes, no. Verify login setup and also mandatory only test ng. And also I'm saying that use only before.
2:29:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And after method. Example, if you want, you can provide the example format of your code. As of now I'm just going to leave that as empty and I will share with you while practicing, you can also add it here. Okay.
2:29:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And then I'm having a tone here. Output, I want only code, no extra texts required and see your person I've added, act as a test automation architect to review the test case and give the comments. So if you are giving this output person or this labels now, that would be eas.
2:29:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : For the LLM to understand, to make this particular things precise and formattable we are using this. So context that will not reach at all. First of all you have to understand one thing. Did you all check the what should be the context in the prompt limit token rates not did you check the context window? Last week.
2:30:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Would have told what is contacts window, right? Did you check what is the context window? Yes, no.
2:30:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes. Yes, it will be.
2:30:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One million parameters.
2:30:27 : M Preetha : Characters and numbers output it will give out.
2:30:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Input this input comes into the.
2:30:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So it won't reach that one point five million token where at the first moment itself. If you want to control the output tokens, you'll be having the max number of tokens that can be controlled with the APIs. You'll be seeing that.
2:30:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Ultimate aim is when you're going to integrate with an application for a test case generator, if you want to control the output tokens, that can be done. So first let's see this, how it works for the automation.
2:31:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me just go take.
2:31:05 : M Preetha : So While doing itself, we have to have a check on the token count also because you can get exhausted means.
2:31:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please wait Preeta I appreciate it. Let me complete this.
2:31:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please wait.
2:31:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm just going to give this for generation of automation script with icepot. If you want to be conscious with your input tokens, then use this tokenizer. It will all have this tokenizer, I'll send you this link, use this tokenizer before giving a prompt. It gives you the number of accounts for your tokens. So with that said, you can.
2:31:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Control your input tokens also.
2:31:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : If you're that much conscious about the tokens here, how many tokens are up given here? You guys tell me, what is the number of tokens? Can you all see the number of tokens here?
2:32:04 : Lalitha : So.
2:32:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thirty seven. We are giving more detailed also that is different.
2:32:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So if you want to control that, go with this tokenizer. Now let's go and generate it first.
2:32:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I've told the Java and also I told clearly only explicit weight, only before method and after method in test ng, and also to review and give the comments.
2:32:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now for me only the test case alone is generated. See here the imports should generate only the test cases for me, and then once after generation.
2:33:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It also gives the.
2:33:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This thing here.
2:33:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All the review comments are given. So this is a.
2:33:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generates. How do we know how much output token is used when it comes to the API call tomorrow we'll be learning that, ok?
2:33:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output token more other control pointer will be having different parameters in API will be learning that please fail. At this moment, if you want to know the output token, just copy the output of the LLM, go to the tokenizer and check it, what is the output token, and see here only seven hundred and one tokens here.
2:33:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just copy the output and you can check it.
2:33:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is how you can use your i spot framework efficiently for.
2:33:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Giving the prompts and generating the output.
2:34:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Canada.
2:34:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes please any queries or questions? I'll just take it up. Just give me a minute. And then we can move on to the practice. Yes, Jagan, please go ahead Jagan.
2:34:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Any queries for you? You have raised your hand.
2:34:26 : Jagan Kokku : Yeah, sure. For this one whatever we have discussed right keywords, that means strict and then.
2:34:40 : Jagan Kokku : You have given some eight or ten keywords you have given, ok? Suppose if it is generic, can they use my own keywords to get the proper output?
2:34:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, that can be very well done. That is what I'm telling you based on the context you can give the keywords, ok?
2:34:55 : Jagan Kokku : Okay, ok, ok. Yeah, here.
2:34:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Perfect fine. Just go pick up, please go ahead, gopick up.
2:35:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's not here. Yeah Suresh please go ahead, Suresh.
2:35:14 : Suresh Y : Yeah hi, Sudarshan. Sudarshan after generating the prompt like we got the review. Generally, we gave a score for ten, right? Like it gives ten out of ten. So in all cases it will give ten out of ten sentence auto generated or like, is there any scenario like we will get less reviews.
2:35:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We are just generating the charge APT and checking the output of the LLM we are evaluating.
2:35:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is an example how the persona with multiple roles can be done. But when you're going with your application, what we will do is we'll be having different set of evaluation tools to evaluate your llm's output. Okay, well, at that point, based on the context, you'll be getting that, ok?
2:35:58 : Suresh Y : And one more question, you said like the size got framework, whatever you guys implemented, right? The same we can use it for any model, right? Yeah or.
2:36:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generally models you can use it.
2:36:10 : Suresh Y : Thank you.
2:36:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I have a questions in chat. I'll quickly take that and we can go for a practice. Just give me a minute. This framework might have been delayed from lot of prompts that you and your team have written Yes. Right from GPT three point five, ok? Before, from that we are just returning it and we are refining it.
2:36:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And we are giving giving back to you.
2:36:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Yes Sarita, please tell me Saritha.
2:36:45 : saritha vemula : If the users have already created the test cases and based on our requirement, can we just use the persona to do the review with the LLM?
2:36:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But Accordingly you have to change your prompt. So now.
2:37:01 : saritha vemula : Have to be changed now section.
2:37:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can let me complete. Now we are instructions are purely for reviewing the test cases. So what happens your construction should be changed. Your consents and instructions should be changed, ok?
2:37:15 : saritha vemula : Do we have a specific set of libraries for different activities for the test cycle test.
2:37:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Not a library, it's prompting general instructions you're going to give, ok?
2:37:29 : saritha vemula : Okay.
2:37:31 : saritha vemula : Yeah, thanks, thanks.
2:37:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes Pavitra please go ahead Pavitra.
2:37:43 : Pavithra Srinivasan : So my question is always the contest should be come at the first point as as we are giving the prompts or all the orders can be changed.
2:37:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : No problem orders can be changed. That would be understood by the LLM.
2:38:01 : Pavithra Srinivasan : Thank you, thank you. Sure.
2:38:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can ask them to generate automation script by using the manual test cases that are generated in phase two, you'll be learning this with laywright MCP, from the features file, ok? You will be able to generate your playwright test scripts. You will be learning that.
2:38:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Too early right now, ok? That is quite possible. Fine. Yes, Nandi, please go ahead.
2:38:28 : Nandhini : Yeah, so I'm recently transitioned into a new role like a product owner from testing. So this is part strategy will be applied even for, you know, generating user stories through AI agents because we are developing something like that.
2:38:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Possible, just see high spot here what it states here, what is the usage of high spot? I want a very good prompt so that once my input is perfect or right, I will be able to get the better output. So with our testing perspective, I have given one example to generate the test cases, manual test cases.
2:39:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Another example what we saw here to generate the automation test scripts, Correct, we saw these two examples. So now if you want to change that for your user story generation, you should give the instructions clearly what is your requirements, what are the things you're giving and the context you have to set the role as a business analyst, and.
2:39:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Other things you are setting the role and if you're proceeding further, you will be able to use that. This is not only for testing here. This is a generic framework of how to prompt with an LLM to get the better output. Sure.
2:39:37 : Nandhini : Thank you.
2:39:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, Praveen, please go ahead Praveen.
2:39:49 : Ramyasai : Can you just show the screen that you have showed earlier now?
2:39:53 : Ramyasai : What the prompt.
2:39:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just wait once again once again I'll show that anyways. One second, please.
2:40:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Any strong keywords can be used within this quare bracket that is template, whether the keywords alone can also be used and try that.
2:40:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We have to give project specific data acceptance criteria.
2:40:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I already have told you like.
2:40:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What if you're going with project specific, not that comes with your lag you will be learning in the phase two, not right now. In the third week you'll be just connecting to Jira and see how to get the user stories and generate test cases. But predominantly with all your contacts you'll be learning that in phase two. Okay, well.
2:40:40 : Praveen : Question can you just share all the prompts types so we will have for reference for.
2:40:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But I'll share it one before before the classroom session I'll share all the prompting that is these two prompts with the automation and manual testing I'll share it and at the end of the session all the resources will be shared to you in WhatsApp. Also it will be uploaded in the platform, ok?
2:41:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Yep for Praveen if it is done for you Karthik, you can go ahead Karthik, please go ahead.
2:41:14 : Karthic Ravi : Version. Yeah, in our organization, right? We are currently we are using the co pilot. Okay, so there we can see the in settings, right? We can see the persona and there we can put the all these high spot. So there is a options so instruction and everything. So will it work? Will it work for the similar as ispot or.
2:41:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This it works.
2:41:36 : Karthic Ravi : They never explore it so I'm just checking.
2:41:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But please wait. We'll be learning deeply about best practices in phase two. Okay. At that point you can just check these things, ok?
2:41:47 : Karthic Ravi : Thanks. All right.
2:41:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thank you. Yes, Gopika please go ahead.
2:41:53 : Gopika Varma : So even though we are.
2:41:56 : Gopika Varma : Following this.
2:41:58 : Gopika Varma : I spot format, if you repeatedly ask the same question multiple times, it is not necessary that all the time will get the same output.
2:42:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Correct, you're correct.
2:42:09 : Gopika Varma : Ambiguity.
2:42:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Will be harlessonation, you are right. So that is what, see here, tomorrow we'll be learning about LLM APs LLM APs will be having something called temperature, right?
2:42:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Would have thought about the temperature lower the temperature lower the creativity. That can be controlled and moreover, here when it comes to the test cases I'm repeating it once again, but in a different scenario and different way, thing is like the context of your application or your project is not known to the charger PT, that is where rack comes into picture. Allisonation that is expected.
2:42:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But that can be reduced. You can't say that a model will have zero illustration that is not at all possible. Okay.
2:42:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Is Gangda please go ahead Ganga.
2:43:00 : Ganga : Yeah, so how can I.
2:43:02 : Thanga Prakash S : This is.
2:43:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But I couldn't hear you properly.
2:43:08 : Ganga : Yeah, how can I enhance this prompt to incorporate the review comments on the test case? Okay I have generated some test case using this, ok, and I have sent it to the reviewer and got some review comments, so I have I want to enhance this prompt which will incorporate those review comments, how can I do that?
2:43:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What will you do normally when you're doing that manually, how will you do that? We'll be having some set of things that has to be followed, right? Guidelines for fixing the review comments should be there, right? Give that guidelines in detail to the LLM, your comments would be fixed, ok?
2:43:45 : Ganga : So, like how we mentioned in the context now, do we need to specify anything?
2:43:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : If it is only for the review, then what would, what should be the role here? Please tell me. What should be the role? If you're going for reviewing and fixing it, role should be different, right?
2:44:00 : Ganga : Wow.
2:44:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Means that role and give that prompt, see this fire spot here is the generic one. It is not specific to particular prompt for test case generation or automation script generation. The rules are not defined. The roles can be changed according to the scenario and according to the different context.
2:44:20 : Ganga : Okay yes.
2:44:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thank you. Yes Stango Prakash, please go ahead.
2:44:31 : Thanga Prakash S : We're gonna set up so the people are highlighting a BDD and we need to write a test case in the test automation framework kind of thing. Instead of.
2:44:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All the things can you connect us later?
2:44:48 : Thanga Prakash S : It finds. Thanks.
2:44:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine.
2:44:54 : M Preetha : For specific changes anyways, we have to do manually no sir. This command prompt.
2:45:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Iterated prompting that is what we'll be doing is first version of prompt if it is not working, properly go with the second version, so we'll be enhancing the prompt version by version according to our use cases that is called as iterative prompting.
2:45:17 : M Preetha : I review comments as one person asked for fixing the review comments for the for for a particular test case alone, we have to have the we have to do the fix, then no other go we have to do it manually, right? The prompt will not help, right? Sure.
2:45:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here, what, what you're going to do, you're going to fix the test cases manually. We want to fix the test case in their review comments, give that constraint whatever the review comments are there, ok? Give that to the LLM in detail with the framework it is going to fix and give you the back, give you back the things.
2:45:48 : M Preetha : Even for a single test case for specific conditions.
2:45:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I mean the simple and single test case you have a tried generating with LLM, whether that will be able to generate single test case or not. Yes, no. Yeah.
2:46:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Either single test case cannot be reviewed. Specify the test case number. Okay specify.
2:46:07 : M Preetha : And the condition to be changed, as of now.
2:46:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Telling you, you have to give this specific number funded test cases. Let's take the scenario. Preeta, I want you to fix thousand one test script you have some thousand five hundred test script. I'm saying that Peter go and fix only one test script I'm not giving you the specific number. Will you be able to fix the test script.
2:46:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And all the LLM knows that particular number there. We are asking if the same thing is assigned to you, you will fix any of the test cases, right? You don't know what is the exact test case and you will fix any of the test cases.
2:46:46 : M Preetha : Tell the correct scenario ID and what exactly have to be fixed maybe it can be.
2:46:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, yes, that is where you're prompting comes into picture.
2:47:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes Shakti will please go ahead. I'll stop with the next question and we can go for a practice. Yes, please go ahead.
2:47:10 : sakthivel sundar : One thing like regarding context only, so basically where I I have been using copilot before, and now I am moving to so in copilot right in a single chart window, for example, if I.
2:47:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The scope that things we can have it later, please.
2:47:26 : sakthivel sundar : No regarding context. No, no context only.
2:47:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Context on the what you're setting context here in your ok go ahead, please.
2:47:34 : sakthivel sundar : Context token, basically my thing is about token, so new whenever we open new chat, the contact the token which we have used that will be totally regenerated or it's getting added up.
2:47:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Going for a new check, it won't add. That is what.
2:47:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : When you're going with. When new session is opened, your existing contacts will not be there and it will be freshly open. You are continuing with the existing session, your entire contact should be summarized, there are different ways to have that in the con, in the context of cloud or corporate, ok, what.
2:48:09 : sakthivel sundar : Okay, so whenever we will open new chart new what to say context or token will be starting from there. It's not the same.
2:48:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, I guess.
2:48:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, nine and I please go ahead.
2:48:25 : Nayana Nayak : It's like we have followed the high spot frame like we have generated the test case and the same has been reviewed by the chat GBP. So just because we have followed the framework, so we got a good score like like I saw a ten out of the so it is like.
2:48:44 : Nayana Nayak : It's a good prompt, that's why we got a good score, right? Like, is that the meaning like or it is.
2:48:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Because it is generated.
2:48:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One second I'll explained this clearly when you're going for LLM evaluation, we'll be seeing that in phase two. This is the output of LLM which we got. Okay, one, so here in order to show you that it can act as a two different roles for persona, we have just took this example, point number one, point number two is as I told since the prompt is.
2:49:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Perfect that you are, we are able to get the proper output here. That's.
2:49:20 : Nayana Nayak : Would prompt has got the good scope.
2:49:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes.
2:49:24 : Nayana Nayak : Yeah. Because.
2:49:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So what we can do here is, mentors, please create any one of you create a breakout session, we can go for a twenty minutes session now. Will that be fine? I'll send you the files. So what you are going to do here is you can join the respective breakout session, which one is required. I'll be staying back in the main session.
2:49:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So take any one of your office test office kind of stuff application, write the detailed prompt, give the instructions properly, give the requirements clearly and try to generate the test case and show see the difference. And I'll share you the automation also. You can also refer that automation thing.
2:50:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : If required, you can either go with manual or automation, anything is fine.
2:50:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can use charge EPT, that would be fine. Okay, well.
2:50:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So please start the breakout session. Meanwhile, I'll just share you all the prompts.
2:50:25 : Prabakaran TestLeaf : Team breakout is started, deep SIG members can stay in the main group, ok? So they should be handling it. Rest of the subgroups, you can join the respective session, please.
2:50:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The Prompts.
2:50:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just give me a minute.
2:50:48 : Praveen : No position.
2:50:53 : Abinaya R : Sorry, I have a poor internet now. Can you please repeat to the last two minutes conversation? I'm getting some pop up here.
2:51:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Are going to, we are just going to practice for next twenty minutes. So what we are going to do here is take any one of your office application, give the instructions and other things clearly with the detailed prompt and see how it works. And see the difference using the spot framework from the previous one, how we have just responded to.
2:51:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To get the output. Okay what?
2:51:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, so I'll send you the prompts in the chat.
2:51:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And take it up.
2:51:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So first thing I have sent it for your.
2:51:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Manual test cases. Now I'm just going to send it for your automation. Once received, you can tell me.
2:51:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's in progress Yes, it is sent now and check your WhatsApp group main groups in WhatsApp.
2:52:33 : Saurabh : Are in the deep seek right now because it has been asked to be in the same room.
2:52:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah I'm the I'm the mentor here. I'm the one for deepsync. If you have any queries you can ask me.
2:52:43 : Saurabh : Oh, ok, ok.
2:52:48 : Aswath Rahul : I just have one question with respect to the APIs see in case for example we deal with a lot of APIs like either.
2:52:58 : Aswath Rahul : In case if you want to go with any of the AP documentation.
2:53:03 : Aswath Rahul : How is it like in case if you want to cover different types of test cases, is there a scenario where we have that so that that.
2:53:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So we have to give the context of your AP documentation to the LLM.
2:53:15 : Aswath Rahul : Okay.
2:53:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The documentation you have to upload and whatever you need from the documentation you have to give that as a clear instructions with the correct constraints, you'll be able to generate these scripts. Yeah. Usually, use the examples here.
2:53:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Perfectly using the examples, that would be easier for you to proceed.
2:53:35 : Aswath Rahul : Yeah, sure.
2:53:41 : Saurabh : I have one question Sudarshan, so.
2:53:46 : Saurabh : In my case, I also use figma. So basically we get Figma as a design PRD or whatever you can say, and so in chat GPT I.
2:53:58 : Saurabh : Usually attach that file Figma file, and then I say act as an expert and is that correct way or.
2:54:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : As of now proceed with that, ok. As of now you proceed with that. That would be fine because now we are just prompting right you have attached the Figma file, that is fine, but in the instruction clearly give what are the things to be extracted, what should be read from the Figma file, and all those things should be given in the instructions clearly.
2:54:26 : Saurabh : The.
2:54:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So if you're not able to join the meta session, you can be here if any queries, you can ask me, ok?
2:54:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You can join any one of the session Tango Prakash, Deep seek I'm here, and just ask me the questions.
2:54:49 : Saurabh : Let's.
2:55:03 : Praveen : Need to interrupt you Sudarshan. I am I have never used this Webex rate for breakout sessions. So basically we need to use this breakout session is opening as a chat, right? So hence we need to type there the prompt or we need to use chat how it.
2:55:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Charge PDT charge EPT, just go to charge EPT, see simple terry. So I have just shared you the sample things prompts in the WhatsApp group, ok? So according to your project, say for example, that is a generic one with the Salesforce. So if you are working in a banking or any domain, just give the constraints and.
2:55:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Other things according to your project and see how the test case is generated and try to feel the difference. Previously when you have communicated with charge GPD, how you are able to get the output, and once after applying the size spot, whether you got the enhanced output or not, ok?
2:55:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Clear?
2:55:56 : Praveen : Let me you have shared that in the WhatsApp.
2:55:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The group it is there. Please check it.
2:56:07 : Praveen : Breakout session is not show appearing now. I don't know why.
2:56:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Click on the participant list, which to which group you are you are belonging to, please tell me.
2:56:16 : Praveen : I joined open AI, open AI joined.
2:56:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's see. Yeah.
2:56:23 : Praveen : The impact one to.
2:56:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So moving you to the session, you can go to.
2:56:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Today with you raised your hand, please tell me.
2:56:50 : Revathy : So I working automation so.
2:56:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your voice is not clear, your voice is not clear, sorry for that. Your voice is not clear.
2:56:58 : Revathy : Are we clear now? Yeah.
2:57:01 : Revathy : So I I work on this AP automation. So basically I cannot upload the requirement doc. So instead, can I just I have requested and response format with me. So should I need to create a document within point because the response body and to feed to LLM and then ask for.
2:57:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, you can do that. Sample as an example Sample as an example, ok?
2:57:29 : Revathy : Okay, the the request body and the response should feed in, I should create a document with that and feed in so.
2:57:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What is the instruction itself you can do that, right?
2:57:42 : Revathy : Yeah.
2:57:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Instruction you're giving that under examples you are specifying that it should be my request format and it should be my response, correct? Right?
2:57:52 : Revathy : I should see the request and response and ask LLM to generate a test case, test scenario of that API.
2:57:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, that is fine, you can do that. Yeah or can have all that in a single excel file and upload that excel file and say that for each and every scenario generate media script, even that is quite possible.
2:58:13 : Revathy : You want to generate this scenario. Okay.
2:58:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This for that only you have to give these details Yes, just give a time. Okay, so.
2:58:27 : Praveen : Two interfaces, did you add me? I'm not able to see I got the HIR chart in the WhatsApp about the prompt, but I have not seeing any breakout sessions. Okay.
2:58:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The problem, not using breakout, now you can say back here I'll assist you if you have if you have any queries, ok?
2:58:49 : Praveen : Let me, start with the charge tips.
2:58:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine.
2:58:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is Paul, please tell me? Yeah.
2:58:58 : Paul Thilak : And good evening, so just want to check.
2:59:01 : Paul Thilak : In the next four weeks and in the first four weeks session that we have with Jenny AI, will it be covering the skills and other things like for instance, you given all the prompting and then the specific example.
2:59:17 : Paul Thilak : And all those things in a specific chat rather than giving it every time to retain our organization specific.
2:59:26 : Paul Thilak : Or a model or output expectation or a specific. I know that we can do things like that in class skills or project specific steps, but then will we be covering that in the next few sessions?
2:59:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Are not in, not in first four weeks.
2:59:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's in phase two, ok?
2:59:48 : Paul Thilak : Still that other things will be covered for still this kind of a thing in phas.
2:59:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Part of you will be covering only with pilot, not with cloud.
2:59:57 : Paul Thilak : Okay, will it be more able to relate to things that if I'm using.
3:00:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You're, right.
3:00:05 : Paul Thilak : Okay.
3:00:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So.
3:00:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One second Praveen, please, one second. We are ready you told like you have created a prompt, where should I submit it? Please use the charge GPT and see how the test cases are generated. See, you're generating the test cases, ok?
3:00:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See the difference when you're using once you are using the ice part, you can see the difference, ok?
3:00:35 : Veer Reddy Karri : Submitted the prompt and the test cases on WhatsApp.
3:00:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah. So.
3:00:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just tell me?
3:00:46 : Nouroji Nethaji : To go with that open EA classroom so actually I in between I get another call. So I missed. Can you please pull me again that call.
3:00:55 : Aswath Rahul : Source when they click on participants actually there is a breakout session link available at the top.
3:01:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Participants list that is available, you can see that. Okay.
3:01:11 : Nouroji Nethaji : Oh cook cookie.
3:01:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The participants list. Yeah, I got it. Okay ok fine. You can just go to the participant list. You'll be having an option to select the choose a breakout session from where you can select the opening.
3:01:24 : Praveen : That participant list.
3:01:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Choose choose a session rate.
3:01:30 : Praveen : Don't of where is it I'm getting get started with prompt engineering meeting info, else there is a right side chat and layout all these things are there. Record is paused the network connection. This options are there. I'm not getting that option here mentioning.
3:01:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Participant list you open the participant list.
3:01:56 : Saurabh : It will be next to the.
3:01:58 : Praveen : Participant list, yeah, in the participant list.
3:02:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We're having something called choose a session.
3:02:05 : Praveen : This session, correct.
3:02:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's go and select open A and we can posit go to that session, ok?
3:02:12 : Praveen : Open your token.
3:02:15 : Saurabh : Do I have to show you the prompt or.
3:02:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah, how, how did you feel that person you have to tell me that before showing the prompt.
3:02:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate and check how it was.
3:02:28 : Saurabh : Yeah, yeah, yeah, I generated it.
3:02:32 : Saurabh : Actually I'm doing this thing from long, so.
3:02:37 : Saurabh : I was not doing the high spot method, but yeah, context and then instructions and, the, these things focus area.
3:02:48 : Saurabh : Same way I did and then yeah, I wanted it in a JSON format because this is how I transferred it back to the.
3:02:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Up to your application, yeah.
3:02:59 : Saurabh : To basically this JSON format I use it in the test pad directly.
3:03:05 : Saurabh : Yeah, then I just beautify it, I asked just beautify so that it.
3:03:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine here. So.
3:03:13 : Saurabh : This is where.
3:03:15 : Saurabh : Anything which you think is missing in the prompting or is it ok.
3:03:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Don't show the prompt.
3:03:21 : Saurabh : The prompt start from here act as an experienced mobile app, app functions.
3:03:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Oh yeah, output format itself you can give give that as a beautified JSON format, right? You don't want to do the two things.
3:03:34 : Saurabh : Yeah, yeah. I mean, yeah, here I can give right, yeah. Okay.
3:03:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Put format as a beautified JSON format.
3:03:40 : Saurabh : Yes, I will do that, yeah.
3:03:43 : Saurabh : And yeah, so I, yeah. Then yeah, this is what I wanted to know from you, yeah. And, yeah, I keep generating it for a lot of things.
3:03:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, I pass.
3:03:59 : Saurabh : It on.
3:04:04 : Saurabh : How do I say, so the framework, automation framework, it requires some.
3:04:11 : Saurabh : Formatted.
3:04:13 : Saurabh : TypeScript file. Yeah, so.
3:04:16 : Saurabh : Give it in a type script format so that I can directly use it there.
3:04:25 : Saurabh : I had a question with the session. Is it ok I can ask that?
3:04:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes yes please ask.
3:04:31 : Saurabh : So, you, in the starting you had a quiz, where was the third question related to eighty twenty rule about the testing of the AI tools. So I could not get what is the AD percent of the training data? Eighty percent of the.
3:04:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah, you have, say, for example, you have some.
3:04:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Twenty thousand records or twenty thousand data. So what you have just created a ML model. So for testing that, whether that is ok to go with all the twenty thousand or eighteen thousand record for testing, that is not appropriate one. So we used minimal data record for testing and.
3:05:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And maximum that is used for training. So where we have just given that eighty twenty rule, twenty percent is if you're having, two thousand twenty thousand records, two thousand can be used for testing and remaining eighteen thousand, it should stay with training. The model. That is the eighty twenty rule.
3:05:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is not an hard and fast rule, but a better way to save your data set.
3:05:39 : Saurabh : Okay so because nowadays I am testing AI model of LLM model only. So there.
3:05:47 : Saurabh : Okay st.
3:05:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Really different LLM testing that is what I'm.
3:05:51 : Saurabh : That comes into the.
3:05:54 : Saurabh : Do it with RAG and there are document set with this which is the one which we feed to the LLMM, and, I check it on temperature, I check it on the determination and probability of getting the same data. So these things will be tested on right now.
3:06:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So that is whatever metrics.
3:06:19 : Saurabh : Okay, but this is not related to the eighty twenty percent.
3:06:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is not.
3:06:24 : Saurabh : Is where I got confused because.
3:06:27 : Saurabh : Not doing that, yeah.
3:06:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is not related to the eighty twenty, you're right.
3:06:33 : Saurabh : So much, yeah.
3:06:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine.
3:07:36 : Saurabh : This keywords which we have, I can define my own keywords also.
3:07:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes yes, meaningful keywords can be defined, not an issue.
3:07:48 : Saurabh : And this is similar to what we have in instruction file or is it different?
3:07:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The instructions only, right?
3:07:56 : Saurabh : No, no. The instruction MD file I'm talking about that.
3:08:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Oh, in section MD file also, we are the one that's just setting up the inspection that can be based on for based for that workspace or project level you're sitting there. So that is fine. You can just take this instruction and you can set it that also based on your workspace or project, that is also possible.
3:08:19 : Saurabh : Okay, ok. Yeah. So.
3:08:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So what were inspection is going to have, it is going to have the input to the LLM, correct? Yeah, that is what we are having here also.
3:08:29 : Jagan Kokku : Sudarshannon.
3:08:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And Hello yes, yes yes, please tell me.
3:08:36 : Jagan Kokku : Yeah, yeah.
3:08:38 : Jagan Kokku : Regarding.
3:08:41 : Jagan Kokku : Test case design, ok. See.
3:08:46 : Jagan Kokku : Banking sector, we are having a talent ok.
3:08:52 : Jagan Kokku : Branch operations we are having, ok? Customers will go to branch, they will do depositing, ok.
3:08:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
3:08:59 : Jagan Kokku : Deposit cache is the one of the business process, ok, in banking, ok.
3:09:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
3:09:04 : Jagan Kokku : Once it caches the business process, under that we are having two things, business functions we are having, ok? Deposit cash with the in branch deposit cash with deposit mission. This is second criteria. This is business function. For next one is deposit cash with branch in that.
3:09:26 : Jagan Kokku : Customer will do business scenario will start from there, ok? That means.
3:09:31 : Jagan Kokku : So performed cash deposit for local currency account. This is business scenario Third level. Under that perform cash deposit for local currency under that postry cash deposit transaction for savings account. Post the cash deposit transaction with the current account. These are all the test cases.
3:09:51 : Jagan Kokku : Okay, so.
3:09:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
3:09:54 : Jagan Kokku : I want to derive the test cases for all.
3:10:00 : Jagan Kokku : Applicable with respect to business process for teller. This is one of the one of the item I told you, ok? For this I have to give the, prompt for high level from business process then business function then test scenario, then test case I have to give the flow like that.
3:10:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One one thing to say here, here we are clearly learning on prompt engineering. Whatever you are telling comes with the context engineering. So all your application specific context LLM doesn't know that for that only I've already mentioned like we'll be learning about.
3:10:38 : Jagan Kokku : Okay.
3:10:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The phase two, we'll be learning about.
3:10:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All these things will be already available in the user stories, right? Based on which the test case will be generated. We have been learning there, ok? Okay.
3:10:52 : Jagan Kokku : Okay, ok, yeah, yeah, yeah.
3:10:55 : Saurabh : Jagan, you can also use testing methodology like decision table or.
3:11:03 : Saurabh : Methodology through which the test cases are derived. That will be.
3:11:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This point here is for one business scenario that this would be fine.
3:11:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Multiple scenarios like.
3:11:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Each and every time multiple scenarios, the context will not be there with the.
3:11:24 : Saurabh : No, true.
3:11:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : When leave the prompt engineering, when you are going with drag you'll be getting the contacts engineering. Yeah. We'll just take the things from the database and we'll proceed, ok? Yeah.
3:11:35 : Jagan Kokku : Yep.
3:11:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay fine Jimmy. Yeah.
3:11:43 : pooja arora : Hey Sudashan, can I share my screen.
3:11:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, please.
3:11:48 : Vignesh Testleaf : How we can manage expenses and so on, ok? The kind of.
3:11:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Before that Pooja once again, guys, have you all completed.
3:11:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Have we all completed? Yes, no.
3:11:59 : pooja arora : Yes.
3:12:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll just resolve pooja's queries and come back. Meanwhile, if you have any queries you can just keep it up. Yes Pooja please share your screen.
3:12:13 : pooja arora : How to share my screen, it's.
3:12:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Would be having a share option there, right?
3:12:20 : pooja arora : Yeah, I click on share, ok. Got it.
3:12:25 : pooja arora : This is my content, right?
3:12:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Accessible to me, please wait, please wait. Yes. Okay now it is visible. Tell me this is your contact, ok?
3:12:35 : pooja arora : Content like that because I am working as airlines domain application. Here I given the instruction like create test data in this format, but it is given to XML format.
3:12:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To specify the output, if you specify the output, right?
3:12:53 : pooja arora : I specific output as well.
3:12:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Where is the output?
3:12:59 : pooja arora : It's showing the test data in the XML format only.
3:13:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Mentioned that as XML only, right? See that scroll up, please scroll up. Yeah, given the output format as one fifteen dot one XML, so it is giving you the XML format.
3:13:13 : pooja arora : Where is it input set.
3:13:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We're providing input.
3:13:22 : pooja arora : So need to provide two input set and then it will be created accordingly. Okay.
3:13:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes.
3:13:28 : pooja arora : Ideally test case generation is ok for me, like it is created that in test cases and give the review. Then I give the instruction like please create the test data.
3:13:46 : pooja arora : Then it will be created ideally format is not correct, so need to give the sample of test data, then it will be created accordingly.
3:13:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes yes. Right.
3:13:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So.
3:13:59 : pooja arora : Is it fine, for.
3:14:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes yes yes.
3:14:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Who should check it? Your domain, your test case, just review it manually once and see, ok?
3:14:10 : pooja arora : Okay, ok. Thank you. Alright.
3:14:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Which I think and guys just given with the ice spot right, you will see the difference.
3:14:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes and no.
3:14:23 : Dineshkumar Rangasamy : Yes.
3:14:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So going forward, implement this not only with respect to your.
3:14:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test case generation or test script generation whatever the task might be. Even for your report generation also you can use that right.
3:14:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your daily status, the pain point, how many of you were just sending a daily status, at least it will be taking at least half an hour or forty five minutes, right?
3:14:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : But all it is format is that would be fine.
3:14:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You mentioned.
3:15:00 : M Preetha : Test case, the test cases differs for each and every module.
3:15:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This cases mentioned.
3:15:07 : M Preetha : One other failure not executed.
3:15:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The Key out to you that rate are the LLM? You have to specify.
3:15:15 : M Preetha : Yeah, are they.
3:15:18 : M Preetha : Don't know.
3:15:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See April, if you're having the instructions and format at a one search now, you are just going to give the data alone. For that particular data.
3:15:29 : M Preetha : We will change.
3:15:34 : M Preetha : Got it.
3:15:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay fine. So that is fine, so you can proceed applying this high spot format so that.
3:15:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That enhances your prompt engineering with prompts. Now what we are going to do for check for next half an hour is we'll be learning with the advanced. So I can see people who have raised your hand. I'll take up the questions once after completing this advanced prompting technique so that you can stay back and get your queries resolved and can go. Okay well.
3:16:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Resolve all your queries.
3:16:08 : Praveen : Sorry to interrupt you, but I need to get reviewed my scenarios in case I have missed something. So can we take care at the end of this.
3:16:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So you can just connect with the mentors after the session, ok?
3:16:20 : Praveen : He was within breakout session that the decision got closed and we came here. I'm not sure why I was sharing with them and I was talking to them then it's closed.
3:16:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Time, time boundary it is time bounded.
3:16:32 : Praveen : There are a number of people's how we'll manage that in one session. If it's time.
3:16:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One session, right? We have five breakout session.
3:16:39 : Praveen : No, no. I joined one session. There are a couple of resource, couple of people joined, they were asking questions.
3:16:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I understand once after the session you can connect one on one with the mentors also, ok?
3:16:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please stay back. We can stay back and we can just get it resolved. We can just reopen the breakout session. Okay, one, after the session, we'll reopen all the breakout session. You can join the session, get your queries resolved. Okay, thank you fine.
3:17:09 : Santhosh : One quick question here, regarding so context is also about the role, maybe you are act as a test engineer or whatever it maybe. And similar to that, the personas also based on the person, again, a lead or something. So both this same or there is any difference between the persona and context. So.
3:17:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Instead of me answering I can get your understanding also. Can anyone answer this question?
3:17:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So he's asking role is also you're assigning a role person also you're assigning a role, what is the difference between that.
3:17:45 : 2643 672 6699 : The purpose of persona.
3:17:48 : 2643 672 6699 : Give the multiple roles, right? So, so, so that is the reason. So the contradictory so, yeah. Yes.
3:17:58 : 2643 672 6699 : So that is the ultimate answer. So, so in order to give the multiple roles, so one role is to write the test case, one role is to review the cases so that we need multiple roles, so that is why persona exists.
3:18:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Clear Santosh?
3:18:14 : Santhosh : I got it. Okay.
3:18:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine.
3:18:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes.
3:18:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So, let's move on with the advanced prompting techniques. Please be watchful for next thirty minutes. These prompt will change many things. Okay what before that, I will I will also give you the additional two things which you will practice as a homework session. You can just do that as an assignment.
3:18:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll tell you what are the two things you are going to do that as an assignment and then we can move on with the advanced prompting techniques. Okay? Now, let me just go up here. First thing is.
3:19:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Say for example, I want I'm in learning process of any tool or any other things. Let's say.
3:19:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I want there is something called mobile right? Have anyone explored that? Mobile write or mobile automation similar to your RPM.
3:19:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Both both Android and.
3:19:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : IPhone means iOS with same API call.
3:19:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I'm asking to give the details on that mobile, if you have some sometime people from the mobile background mobile testing background, you can test it. Actually, I have already tested that and there are few issues I have raised through mobile team also. They are fixing it.
3:20:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's closing a player right kind of stuff similar to the play rate, not using the play rate. So here, I'm asking to give the details about mobile rate for Android automation to charge PPT. So here it is clearly giving what is the script and all the details are given.
3:20:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, no.
3:20:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes. Okay, still it is generating. Still it is generating all the details here. So it goes pages by pages Syria. Now, I got the LLM response here, but still I don't want these many pages. I need a chart synopsis or disc.
3:20:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Description for this. Have anyone tried that? How to get it.
3:21:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This, how did you try that? You can just give T L D R, you have something called T L D R, this TLDR, I'll show you the document here. You can see that too long didn't read that gives you the executive summary. Just go and ask to charge your PT now, give me the.
3:21:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The L D R.
3:21:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So it is too long, right? So I need a direct response, give me the synopsis. So now it was there for pages, right? Now the same has been reduced to see here Mainly number of pages now you can see here how it is going to automate and how it is going to install. You can see the difference here, right?
3:21:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Previously I was scrolling up when I scroll up here see it goes for pages to pages. I'm just asking for TLDR now. You can just get the summary. So when you're in the learning process, first you want to understand the synopsis on the what you can do, you can just go with TLDR.
3:22:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : TLDR gives you the executive summary here. Okay, well, that is one thing. And another thing, if you are new to some of the concepts and if you want to learn something new, ok, what, so there is something called Eli.
3:22:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is not only for charge EBT or whatever I'm telling right now is applicable for all the charge agents. EL is night, nothing but.
3:22:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Explained, like I am. So here, say for example, let's take this mobile mobile itself as an example, ok?
3:22:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Take this has a mobile right itself for example. So now.
3:22:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Explain.
3:22:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Been write.
3:22:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To me.
3:23:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I can just give that as ELA ELA with the age. Here.
3:23:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Some concepts are there now, explain me like I'm fine, explain me like I'm fifteen. Fifteen is your age, five years your age. Say for example.
3:23:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So if you want to explain something to your kids, what we will do is we will be doing that in a detailed high level explanation with other examples. But we want to explain some concept to the kids now you can use this. Explain like I'm fine, you can be learning process, I'm new to this mobile right. So I'm asking.
3:23:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Explain like I'm fifteen.
3:23:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Will write and installation.
3:23:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now it takes the role of a student. See here and you all see here and explain mobile write in a student friendly way. Yes or no.
3:24:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, fifteen is the age.
3:24:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Mobile rate is a tool for mobile automation. Recently released over ten week ten days, I suppose ten days or twelve days I suppose they have released that.
3:24:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Show you.
3:24:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So few issues I have just logged here.
3:24:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The link is here. They are inspired by playwright and they are just return the code here.
3:24:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You want to check it out send that in the Webex chat, you can check it.
3:24:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now the explanation that LLM does is forum fifteen years student. Fifteen years student, it gives me the explanation. So you can use this effectively when you're just learning something newly or if you want to teach some kids or students, you can use this. All these.
3:25:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Non specific to charge EBD, it is for other thing also, other chart agents could these things are common, because not only specific for chat GPT, that is what I told, please understand.
3:25:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Going to pin and asking also that gives you the same thing.
3:25:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : When also or any other chat agent they're going to explain you in the same way. So you can use this ELA fifteen or ELI with your age explain like I am the age, so that when you are learning something new. So you can practice this as an assignment. I have just mentioned the assignment. You can practice this.
3:26:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now we are just moving on with the advanced techniques. So what.
3:26:11 : Harini : I have a one question Sudan, sorry to disturb you because I want to start for Windows apps. Can I use this one?
3:26:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please please stay back after six thirty and query I'll just resolve the query. Okay.
3:26:24 : Harini : Okay, thank you.
3:26:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thanks for the.
3:26:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So let's go here. So this is my.
3:26:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Advanced techniques. Let's go back here.
3:26:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So there are three types of advanced techniques we are going to see here. Okay, first one is prompting shots. Second one is chain of thoughts. Third one is iterative prompting. Please be watchful here. So we have something called zero short, few short and.
3:26:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One shot.
3:27:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So let me just make this as.
3:27:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Techniques. So yeah, first thing is.
3:27:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Zero short.
3:27:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Few short.
3:27:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And one shot.
3:27:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah, did you all give my example in the ice spot? Did you all give the example in the ice spot when I generating the with respect to your specific test cases? Did you all give the examples in the ice spot? Test script take example could think of test case you have given the example. So that is nothing but that is one shot.
3:27:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That one example which you have given to the model to generate, it is one shot. If you are not at all giving an example, no, that is a zero shot. If you are giving multiple examples for the LLM to understand better now, that is few short. So.
3:28:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Examples which are given to LLM here comes with the advanced prompting techniques. That is what we have already covered in the high spot framework. So how to start when you are in the beginning with your application first, go with the few shot.
3:28:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Few short or one shot. At least you have to use minimum of one example. Once after using minimum of one example, if you are able to generate the test scripts that is fine. After that you can find fine tune your prompt and your prompt should be in such a way. It takes time, ok.
3:28:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It will be in such a way that you can just go and execute the prompt and generate the result without any example. So if you're not giving any examples and only with the instruction context if the.
3:29:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output is generated, that is called as zero short. So all this short types of prompting comes with the exam.
3:29:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Well, that is point number one with the advanced prompting techniques. Second one, we have something called iterative prompting. Before going to iterative prompting, you guys tell me what is iterative in general, what is iterative?
3:29:30 : Gopika Varma : Continuous.
3:29:32 : Gopika Varma : Progressive.
3:29:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now let's take this example. Here, what I'm doing.
3:29:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm just going and generating the test cases here. Review score limit, I just gave that for ten, and then it has generated P one P two test cases though so this is my prompt version one. Do you all agree with me? Yes, no.
3:29:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is my prompt version one.
3:30:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, wow. So now what happens in the same prompt here.
3:30:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please be watchful in the same prompt here.
3:30:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I want all the P one P two and P three test cases.
3:30:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
3:30:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And I also need some.
3:30:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Positive negative one eight cases.
3:30:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What happens, this will be my version two prompts. This will be my version two prompts.
3:30:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This is my.
3:30:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Version two prompt. So what I did here from the previous one, I have refined my prompt in such a way that version two is going to give me the enhanced output for P one P two and P three. And also with the edge cases. So this is.
3:31:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Called as.
3:31:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Iterative prompting. So what we are doing here in the iterative prompting first.
3:31:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We have the.
3:31:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Prompt version one.
3:31:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Patient.
3:31:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me just.
3:31:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So this is my version one of prompting. Now, I have enhanced version one.
3:31:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To generate what? P three cases and edge cases. Now this enhanced version is version two. So I try to prompting is nothing but refining the prompt for each and every time to get the better result. Version one, I got the better result, but version two, I'm just.
3:32:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Refining it to get the, to generate the P three and H cases. This is called as iterative prompting. In the real time all your prompt templates will be maintained. When you're creating the agent now you have to create a version the prompt template and maintain. Okay well, that is where your iterative prompting comes into picture. We can just take.
3:32:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Ourselves as an example. First, initially when we have started, we have given one vague prompt to generate only the script, correct?
3:32:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And then what we did, we have just added the rule and asked to generate this. So there has been enhanced fine. Then what we did with the detailed, we gave the prompt. So we are just versioning the prompt, ok? We are just versioning the prompt and we are just proceeding further. See here.
3:33:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Charge EPT is not having any versions here. I have to understand. We are maintaining the version locally and we are enhancing each and every version and we are going for a prompting here.
3:33:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You want to have the enhanced version in your charge in the same chart, you can just give the next version of prompt for generation. It will be generating any test cases that to solve your iterative prompting works. Once again I'm repeating iterative prompting is nothing but predominant thing is here.
3:33:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What we are doing, we are just enhancing the version of prompt from one version to another and we are just making it work according to our requirement. You can also say that as a fine tuning prompt, ok?
3:33:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : A model doesn't show any prompt in your version. They won't.
3:34:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Save any prompts with the separate name or version in your model. Here in your charge PDT it won't be, it won't be stored here. When you're going with core pilot, you can have that as a prompt dot MD file and you can have use it.
3:34:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Done. So please be washful for next ten minutes. If you're learning this type of prompting, that, that would be pretty much easier for you to understand and you can easily debug even with copilot or any other thing. Next thing what we are just going to learn is this is pretty much important. Please be watchful. Chain.
3:34:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Of thoughts.
3:34:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We call that as COT, that is nothing but.
3:34:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Chain of thoughts. So let's take this example, ok? You are in a situation where you want to generate or you want to design a test strategy document.
3:35:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You want to design a strict test strategy document. Now, you are.
3:35:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Completely new in designing the test strategy document. Okay, you don't know what are the questions to be added and what are the questionnaires that can become, but you know the how the domain knowledge. Say designer test strategy document.
3:35:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's say, four banking.
3:35:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One transfer. Let's have this scenario. Okay, wow. Now, if I want to design a strategy document, I need different.
3:35:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Inputs, but unfortunately, I know I have the domain, if at all if someone is asking me the question, I can just go ahead and answer the question and go create the document. So now what I can do with that, if I'm just going for a charge EPT with this.
3:36:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Though it's a vague prompt, considering the time.
3:36:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Just let's use that. I'm just going to.
3:36:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Go to design it a strategy document for core banking fund transfer.
3:36:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's see how it works.
3:36:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So it has given me all these documentation. Now what I have to do, I have to go step by step validate it whether that is working fine or not. Okay, that is bad prompt, ok, fine. Apologies me like considering the time, I'm just writing that prompt here. The output here is it is giving.
3:36:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You the entire output, but I have to validate it, correct? Yes, no.
3:37:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Once after generation I have to validate yes or no.
3:37:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Because my question here is, what if, if I'm going step by step.
3:37:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Whether it would be easier for me.
3:37:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now see the prompt here and see how the chargeability is going to work for you right now. I'm going to give you a different scenarios for this chain of thoughts. Designer test strategy document for goal backing fund transfer.
3:37:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Ask me, five questions.
3:37:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One after other, ask me five questions, ok?
3:37:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Keeping that as simple, you can make that as fifteen, twenty or how much however the question is. Mandatory. Now.
3:38:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : After.
3:38:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Answering the.
3:38:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : First questions, five questions one by one.
3:38:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Once after answering the first question.
3:38:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Next question.
3:38:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Well.
3:38:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm just giving that.
3:38:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So I can just say that this is critical for me.
3:38:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So after.
3:38:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Answering, all questions.
3:38:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Generate.
3:38:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Strategy.
3:38:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm just adding the output here in word format docs.
3:39:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yeah, so five questions here on the I'm drilling down. Ask me five.
3:39:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Valid.
3:39:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Multiple choice question. Okay wow.
3:39:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Here what I'm doing here I'm just going to add the context here.
3:39:32 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Context left, act as a.
3:39:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Experienced.
3:39:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Banking.
3:39:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test manager, ok.
3:39:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So.
3:39:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Instruction lab.
3:39:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm giving this.
3:40:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I can add that as a output or any instruction itself I'm giving this. Now, let's go here.
3:40:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please be watchful.
3:40:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : A better understanding and go with the new thing. Okay wow.
3:40:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now.
3:40:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This charge EPT will be asking questions one by one. Once I'm after answering this question it goes for the other questions so it is asking me what type of core banking fund transfer scope should be included, internal banking or domestic or international law I'm just giving the option as D here, I need the international.
3:40:45 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Which testing approach should we emphasized mostly in strategy? Functional testing our API performance or what you want here.
3:40:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's go with functional testing as of now. Let me just type that as A.
3:41:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What is the primary test environment expectation that is a system integrated testing environment or UAT or where you are going to test here. So I can just go with single SAT environment with mock for external systems. I go with only with SAT. So yeah.
3:41:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Our business risks should resume high priority which business risk transaction timeout or duplicate or beneficiary validation which should have the high risk. So incorrect positioning or let's say that B.
3:41:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Timeout or duplicate transaction, the choice is yours. You are giving the choice here. What should be the preferred test for the fund transfer? Use manually created customer account master production data, use synthetic data, live production data, let's go with masked or say C synthetic data.
3:42:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The Poela question answered Puneesh. Okay what? To keep it simple, I have took some five questions. Now you guys tell me I've already have the experience, but I don't know the format and I need someone to ask the questions so that based on that I can generate it. I have that domain knowledge. Now you tell me whether that would be easier for me to proceed.
3:42:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Further or not. Yes, no.
3:42:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is that easy.
3:42:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now see here.
3:42:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Sample docs is created. So it will it will be created. Here the ultimate learning here is whenever something is new to you or you're not aware of that, even with your coding, someone of you, someone of you have used.
3:42:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Would have started using copilot. We are going with step by step, that would be pretty much easier for you.
3:43:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, can we get the questions framed based on the template uploaded? Can we upload it such as the template use as a part of example? Yes, very well you can use that templates. That is your example in your icepot. That is fine. Chat bot sort of agents can be build for test strategy using rack project specific test cases.
3:43:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, we can do that. That chat board is not your charge media different one, we'll be learning that in phase two, ok? Rag based chatbots, we'll be learning that in phase two. Now with things here, the model is in the thinking mode, the things here and it is going to give me the documentation. So from whatever the input I have given, ok, after.
3:43:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One by one, it keeps all the input and it is focusing only on the functional testing. Now let's see here.
3:44:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Well.
3:44:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It is going to generate.
3:44:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, active chargeability at times it is not having docs format, I face that issue. Let's see once after the generating it here.
3:44:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Earlier I have faced that issue. Okay, now let's go and see it. Let it generate. Before that, is that easier for you when you are just using this chain of thoughts? Can we set the questions as well as in prompt? See questions then why we want to set that in prompt. You can just directly give.
3:44:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : As an instruction and proceed, right?
3:45:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll give you another example that gives you a clear picture. Let's say one thing.
3:45:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's consider that you have some automation knowledge, but you want to develop a framework from scratch, Correct, that should be enterprise grade. You don't have idea on what should be the folder structure and how we are just going to generate other things. You don't have an idea. So at that point, the chain of thoughts can be used to develop your framework.
3:45:28 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's see how it can be used. Yes, if you have a little idea also you can use that. That is fine.
3:45:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now, I'm just going to save the context here.
3:45:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Act as an.
3:45:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Automation.
3:45:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Architect.
3:45:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To design the.
3:45:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The framework.
3:46:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So now.
3:46:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See here.
3:46:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm going to give the instructions.
3:46:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This.
3:46:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll keep it as simple for file. It can be gone with ten or fifteen or twenty multiple choice.
3:46:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Questions.
3:46:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : One by one.
3:46:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Once after, answering the first question.
3:46:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Proceed with next.
3:47:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Completing all the questions.
3:47:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Framework.
3:47:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Structure first.
3:47:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : After completing all the questions.
3:47:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Upon my.
3:47:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll say that I tricky here.
3:47:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Proceed.
3:47:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Step by step.
3:47:52 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What framework implementation.
3:48:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : On my.
3:48:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Approval.
3:48:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Proceed with the.
3:48:13 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Next step.
3:48:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So here, I'm just going to ask what is the design the framework.
3:48:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Right, TypeScript or let's say with the AP, AP on the few people asked framework for.
3:48:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Rest assured AP automation.
3:48:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
3:48:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let me just say that with.
3:48:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Test and G.
3:48:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So let me just.
3:48:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Make the questions as five alone. I'll share you this prompts. You can try with many questions and see how it works. Even with your, you can just give that now let's go and see how it works. And write a detailed high spot. So yeah it has generated the word document. Let's see that core banking test strategy first ge.
3:49:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And then you can say, you can see how it is going to generate this particular.
3:49:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Scripts.
3:49:23 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So core banking fund is test strategy document it has generated, ok?
3:49:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See here.
3:49:44 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It gives you the clear documentation for what is the scope and all these things are done. You can just review it once, once you're proficient, you can just review it once and proceed further. Why? Because already what you have done, what you have done already, you have, you are the one who has answered the question. Based on that criteria only does it has given you.
3:50:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Documentation, correct? Yes, no.
3:50:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Cut regards answer. Please.
3:50:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Now, I can validate this and proceed further. This is how the change of thoughts, idea, it goes step by step. You are having the control over the LLM. See here, I am giving the.
3:50:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'm just giving that only after each step you have to proceed with next question. Upon my approval only you have to proceed with the next. All these things are the keywords I'm controlling the LLM here.
3:50:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So let's go and see the framework structure and how for APR automation framework, how it is developed.
3:50:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Question by question first. Please bear with me for another five to ten minutes, please. Then we can have the Q and A So it is asking me.
3:51:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What should be your.
3:51:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Whether that is only rest API or UA plus API you want the hybrid or how is that? So I'm just going to say stick on with API alone, so only REST API testing, ok?
3:51:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Data driven, what is the approach you want with test engines Json file Excel or test engine provider or combination of all. Let's go with Jason, ok?
3:51:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What report is required for you. Say hello Ray.
3:51:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Authentication should be there? We just go with BRL token.
3:51:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So if you know all these details now, you are the one who's testing, so I can just go here with multiple conflict dot property files.
3:52:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Five questions are done. Whether it would be easier for you to go and generate the things.
3:52:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So based on your answer, it is saying this is what is selected by the scope and other things and then see here it is clearly giving me the structure. Can you all see the structure here? First I asked only for the framework structure, right? After answering the five questions, it has given me the.
3:52:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Framework structure.
3:52:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And then this is the summary of my framework and this is my implementation flow. See here, here comes the one. This proceeding step by one step once on my approval, correct R, see here. So I'm just going to say that as proceed. Once after proceeding, if I'm getting.
3:53:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : All the details. I'm ok with those details now, I should proceed for the next step. Now, it is easy for me to validate simultaneously and go with the generation.
3:53:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We're doing here, actually, just giving only the step by step.
3:53:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The keywords and proper instruction now the test generation and other results are controlled by you. You are controlling this.
3:53:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So first step, the maven project is created. Okay, why it is giving me the commands to create I can proceed further with the palm dot XML and other things and see here, first step is done, right? I have to validate the first step and then can you all see here Step one.
3:53:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Completed, reply proceed.
3:54:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : To continue with step two.
3:54:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Now proceeds from another it will be moving on. See here.
3:54:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Would created the property files.
3:54:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So likewise, for each and every question, once after I'm answering the questions here, I'll I'll validate it and then the LLM goes for the next step. This is not only with your test script or any other thing, even if you're learning something or if you want to implement something or if you're going with.
3:54:41 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Pilot and you are you're just trying to go a white coding, if you are having that control whether that would be good? Yes, no.
3:54:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is where your chain of thoughts comes into picture. We are not doing attested going step by step with your llmiss response based on the first response you are moving on with the next response and proceeding further. This is your saying of thoughts, prompting.
3:55:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So matter step plan you can proceed. You can also take this as a part of your assignment and proceed.
3:55:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Hope so, the things are clear for you guys. Are we good?
3:55:24 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, not ok.
3:55:28 : Karthic Ravi : This.
3:55:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The learning good for you, I'll share all the prompts. I'm not going to keep.
3:55:36 : Sudarshan Testleaf : ETA for the assignments. I'll tell you clearly if your practicing it today with chain of thoughts with that L two will get confidence gaining confidence is the first one. You yourself, if you are feeling the.
3:55:50 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Output or seeing that output, you will gain the confidence.
3:55:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So try try to make this particular thing, you can just extend for if that is the case also you have the same this evening and tomorrow morning is also there, right? Or sure tomorrow before starting the session, I'll ask you what is your progress.
3:56:14 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That's why I will ask you, for sure, ok?
3:56:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I'll share the keywords. No problem. I'll share all the files which is required for you with the sample prompts.
3:56:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, Raveen I'll be sharing that that entire file I'll share that as a classroom session notes. You can practice that as a part of your home assignment. I'll be sharing the home assignment in the main group. Cherya.
3:56:38 : Praveen : Sure Sudarshan and after this session, right, I need.
3:56:42 : Praveen : I need to have the new I we discussed right, need some time.
3:56:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay fine. If I break the step three and give the different prompt, what will happen? Yes, it goes and once again you have to give give the step three and proceed further. If you're not satisfied with the step three, go with the next prompt.
3:57:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : See that is how it works. Breaking now, breaking step three now, that should be some problem either with the generation of the output or simply if you are baking step three now, what is the purpose.
3:57:18 : Sudarshan Testleaf : How that step three is broken? From your input only.
3:57:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
3:57:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, you have to practice more examples. Mandatory and strictional mandatory now there has to be followed strict now I'm saying that too early how to complete. It is similar to your must and should must must and should or must.
3:57:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Life fifteen that comes with your age, the LLM will be explained to you thinking that you are you are we are only fifteen years old and that will be elaborately explaining you in that way. That is your assignment, just check that anything if you're learning newly or if you want to get the detailed explanation, you can just go with ELA fifteen.
3:58:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can we ask few other options if you are not happy with the answers provided? Yes, you can ask the LLM.
3:58:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : In the in case of iterative prompting, if you have given the refactoring, it is necessary for full prompt or only the change part alone. Full prompt should be given for the generation, not only the change part, change the part.
3:58:40 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So when I going with the applications, you'll be learning that in detail. Okay I'll take up the questions guys. So only I'm just going to proceed only with the Q and A I'll send you the assignment and other things. If you are done, mean to say we are done for the day.
3:58:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : We are completed. If you have any questions, you can stay back, others you can just leave for the day.
3:59:00 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And we'll start the breakout once after answering the Q and A or Prabhat start the breakout session. So people who want to join the breakout, you can join the breakout and meanwhile I'll just answer the questions. What are the queries people are having here?
3:59:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Instead of contexts, can I give two personas act as an SME, act as a lead to review, bad practice, it's not a good practice.
3:59:31 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Do that but it's not a good practice.
3:59:38 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Can we ask you other questions and answer this. Do I have to give heading like context instruction? Yes, you can just if you're giving that, that would be more precise and clear.
3:59:48 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Press just have that habit of giving that. That would be fine.
3:59:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Hope so all of you have enjoyed and got the new learnings.
3:59:59 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Director.
4:00:02 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine. Anyways.
4:00:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Let's go ahead I'll just answer the questions. And breakout sessions are started. You can just move on with your breakouts. You want you can just go to your breakouts, I'll be staying in the main session. Yes Sabina, please proceed with your queries Abinaya.
4:00:27 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I've, are you there?
4:00:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And can you proceed?
4:00:43 : Abinaya R : I'm audible now?
4:00:46 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Please tell me. Yeah.
4:00:48 : Abinaya R : Like I gave the same prompt in Claude and gopilot, so Claude which is basically from my personal account, so same prompt I got the exact format of test cases, everything in clouda, but I'm not getting the same thing in the core pilot which is my office is using.
4:01:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Expected one.
4:01:09 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Is the model you are using in the copilot.
4:01:14 : Abinaya R : One minute.
4:01:22 : Abinaya R : Stick basic one but I I don't know exactly what model because here there is not displaying in the header.
4:01:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Need the model because because of the model so that problem comes. Cloud generates with you with cloud Sonnet or cloud Opus that have been generated. Okay, need the model check the model, what is the model and then tell me.
4:01:44 : Abinaya R : Okay, two minutes I'll check and I'll get back to you.
4:01:47 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay fine.
4:01:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes R any please go ahead.
4:01:55 : Harini : So I want to ask because I am trying to find out the framework for my application, my application is a printer on board application which is a Windows app, ok? So this will connect to your web also. Okay, and it will connect your windows. Like when you open Word and you will give.
4:02:15 : Harini : A print. So it is having all the three sets. One is like a Windows app, one is the web, and one is your desktop application. This application will connect all the three in a scenario. Earlier I used the driver plus APM plus Selenium using a robot frameworker. Now completely I'm planning to go with the.
4:02:36 : Harini : Next level, so I want to completely want to change my framework and I want to run in a MCP and Azure a dev pipeline, new, completely new framework I'm planning. So in that case, which framework I can choose? Is it whatever you earlier said mobile right is the best choice or I should go with some other things.
4:02:55 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Mobile right is an emerging one. First of all.
4:02:58 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Here you're already having.
4:03:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Your framework that is ready right just you can connect with MCP and you can proceed further.
4:03:07 : Harini : It's a older application. The company itself is moving to one HP means one application which can connect all your peripheral like PC, your headset or anything printer, so completely they moved, so they are also in the new baby it is. So that's the reason I'm choosing my framework.
4:03:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is what, firstly how to analyze, just get it from charge or another agent, what is the best tool? Because you know your requirement. What is the built in which what is the dev tech stack for your Windows application?
4:03:42 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So all these things you can just give to the GPT and get the tech stack, first give the tech stack and other things and get the best tool, and then you can just go with the framework of your tool tools and choices which has been given by the LLM. You can compare it. Okay.
4:04:02 : Harini : Okay.
4:04:04 : Abinaya R : So this and I got it my version it's a GBT five.
4:04:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Twenty five working, what is the prompt? Is that taking from that prompt or it generating the test script or test cases?
4:04:18 : Abinaya R : If case is not generated Claudia eleventh, Q test format like including user ID like.
4:04:29 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Q test format on the did you give that as an example? Yeah.
4:04:33 : Abinaya R : Number Class description or regulation even then test to reproduce steps to reproduce actually put that in there, but the same prompt now in the.
4:04:47 : Abinaya R : Character the Q test formatly when the.
4:04:53 : Abinaya R : Prompts only in there.
4:04:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Open it when the, that is your GitHub or something or microsoft cooperatedly. Microsoft.
4:05:04 : Abinaya R : M three sixty five.
4:05:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Won't be the case.
4:05:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That won't be the case. Can't say, just start the consents follow strictly the example format and the consents happen.
4:05:19 : Abinaya R : Okay, ok.
4:05:24 : sakthivel sundar : One question. Interactive prompting the versions update. For example, our prompt when it trigger on the.
4:05:34 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Of the English conversation English conversation sorry.
4:05:38 : sakthivel sundar : So first one, let's I I have given a prompt, ok? And in the second I have totally changed the context, so rather than with the first one, I just moved to some other activity I'm doing it, and is it is there a way that I can go to the first prompt and do it.
4:05:56 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Very simple say for example in the iteration one developer is giving you a build you're testing it. Okay well iteration to the feature itself is completely changed. You go back to the first build and you will test that or you'll go with the second build.
4:06:10 : sakthivel sundar : Now it will be in the second group.
4:06:12 : Sudarshan Testleaf : What is the case here? Okay.
4:06:16 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Why should that use that prompt if it is not working anymore?
4:06:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Maintain that first part of my version history, ok? This is how we have designed the prompt.
4:06:29 : sakthivel sundar : Okay.
4:06:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Before anything is not working properly, you can just roll back to your previous prompt. That you can maintain the version if not working completely no, you can just leave that, ok?
4:06:44 : sakthivel sundar : We maintaining the problems we need to specifically maintain those prompt in our lo.
4:06:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The best practice best practice to maintain that in your git. We want you can maintain that, but it's a best practice.
4:06:58 : sakthivel sundar : Okay, if during my coding, right? I just want to create a code for some complex logic.
4:07:07 : sakthivel sundar : So.
4:07:09 : sakthivel sundar : That's fine.
4:07:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You'll be learning that in phase two. I'm not going to over.
4:07:13 : sakthivel sundar : The idea.
4:07:16 : sakthivel sundar : Thank you. And.
4:07:19 : Sudarshan Testleaf : This go ahead Harini.
4:07:34 : Thanga Prakash S : Person can I go.
4:07:35 : Sudarshan Testleaf : In the scope, please. So.
4:07:38 : Thanga Prakash S : Actually, we are trying for the API automation, ok? So this API automation we want to.
4:07:48 : Thanga Prakash S : BDD and the corrective framework in order to make the testing normal function testing when the people write a manual testing, they will do do a BDD testing. The same feature can be automated by framework once a manual testing is. That is where.
4:08:05 : Thanga Prakash S : Cycle we are trying out. So for this case, is it required to do it in two phases? Is it so I required to generate the BDD files separately with the feature file or whatever is getting generated output and use this feature file as the input to the collective framework to test.
4:08:26 : Thanga Prakash S : Testing automation frame, automation scripts are automation code has to be written in order to test that case. So this is my intention. Can you guide me how to go about it.
4:08:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So yeah, anyways we'll be learning the about about this detail once you are into play rate MCP you will be learning that in detail, but as of now I can guide you, you can create for this, the solution will be two agents. One agent is going to generate the BDD for me and another agent I'm just going to feed that BDD and generate the script. Okay.
4:08:58 : Thanga Prakash S : Got it, thanks.
4:09:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes Sukanya please go ahead sudanya.
4:09:04 : Suganya Ragav : So we have learned that for every LM there is a cutoff date knowledge cutoff date right so but when you queried about this mobile right how did it identify and give you the answer yes.
4:09:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Called as the tool tooling, right? Bob would have told you tooling or web search. Did you remember cutoff date is three. It goes for internet and get the resources.
4:09:26 : Suganya Ragav : Got it ok alright. Thank you. Yeah.
4:09:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, we know that please go ahead Vinodini.
4:09:38 : Vinothini : For me like if we want to give more project specific details into that, as you said we will be have to wait till for the next third or fourth, is that?
4:09:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That phase two will be learning then not in third or fourth three, project specific thing, no, it will be in phase two. In the third week what we'll do, we'll connect to we can connect with Jira and fetch your user stories alone for test case generation. That we'll do in the third week, ok?
4:10:07 : Vinothini : Okay, so for today's class we can just use our products URL and check for the generic cases if it is generating accurate results. Sure.
4:10:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : The product URL is that global?
4:10:20 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It's a B to C application or within your organization.
4:10:24 : Vinothini : Is within our organization since I'm working from my system of office laptop I think I could be able to access it. So.
4:10:33 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Inside your organization, how the LLM understands that. You have to give the URL, the data will not be there in the LLM, right? That is what I'm telling you. All this comes.
4:10:43 : Vinothini : You can run.
4:10:45 : Vinothini : Okay ok fine.
4:10:49 : Vinothini : Understood.
4:10:51 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Fine.
4:10:56 : Vinothini : For generating cases. During.
4:11:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Stories, user stories and try generating the cases.
4:11:05 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
4:11:07 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay fine.
4:11:10 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Yes, shanti, please tell me once again. Yeah.
4:11:15 : sakthivel sundar : Skill and fine tunes. I because.
4:11:21 : sakthivel sundar : Last week from my organization they started integrating cloud queue agent in the process and they asked me to create a skill dot md files so I have is fine tuning is skill dot MD file is something related to fine tuning of LLM or something? No.
4:11:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : That is different. They use JSON L format we'll be learning about fine tuning and week number four. Skills dot MD and other things predominantly when it also has the same, it comes in phase two, ok?
4:12:01 : Sudarshan Testleaf : I think so most of you have completed Prabagha and Daniel around, was.
4:12:05 : Prabakaran TestLeaf : We haven't done breakout and all done.
4:12:08 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay fine then.
4:12:11 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Guys, thanks for your time. Thanks for staying back and doing this.
4:12:16 : Praveen : Can we.
4:12:20 : Praveen : Time after this call.
4:12:21 : Sudarshan Testleaf : So what what would be the reason Praveen? Can you just tell me.
4:12:27 : Praveen : We'll discuss this.
4:12:30 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay, fine.
4:12:34 : Arun Kumar : Note out power users will run less, so power user have been.
4:12:43 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Couldn't get your point.
4:12:44 : Arun Kumar : The organization level, the cursor cursor, so.
4:12:50 : Arun Kumar : The normal prompt put the cursor CLA used.
4:12:54 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
4:12:55 : Arun Kumar : The effect you are going to have been. Okay.
4:13:00 : Arun Kumar : Enterprise version could be so for each of them you will be having thousand tokens.
4:13:04 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay ok.
4:13:04 : Arun Kumar : The power user.
4:13:06 : Arun Kumar : I'll go on the additional tokens extra two hundred dollars additional tokens that.
4:13:12 : Arun Kumar : So other than the concept.
4:13:15 : Sudarshan Testleaf : It can be the privileges, right?
4:13:17 : Arun Kumar : Okay, people.
4:13:20 : Arun Kumar : CLA which.
4:13:24 : Arun Kumar : Same output that.
4:13:26 : Sudarshan Testleaf : First of all on the powerhouse power user here, what they are saying is you are just date while you're just it is not only with the admin role other than it is saying like.
4:13:39 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You are using that particular thing highly high usage they are providing you that particular tokens. Okay well. Okay.
4:13:49 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Extra additional tokens on the other point running, but with CLA, what they are actually trying to tell with CLA, the use case what we can just get that and come back so that we can discuss that exactly.
4:14:01 : Arun Kumar : Okay.
4:14:06 : Arun Kumar : Organizational practice to introduce control.
4:14:09 : Arun Kumar : Practices to tuning.
4:14:14 : Arun Kumar : They have to use a solution.
4:14:17 : Sudarshan Testleaf : You type one in there if you have any queries, you can connect to this.
4:14:20 : Arun Kumar : Okay, thank you.
4:14:22 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay.
4:14:25 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Practice as to what it is going to do because it is going to call the API API will be available. Similar, similar toy or Zipher than other. So test management only, right?
4:14:37 : Sudarshan Testleaf : APA will be there obviously if you're having the APA key now that is quite possible. We'll be learning in week number three next week whether we'll be learning about the Jira integration like this you should have an API call to connect to your practice test, ok?
4:14:51 : Arun Kumar : Okay, ok.
4:14:53 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Wrong thing. Yeah.
4:14:57 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Okay guys, thank you all thanks for your time. I'll post the assignment and send all the files across.
4:15:03 : Sudarshan Testleaf : And refer it. Thank you.
4:15:06 : Sudarshan Testleaf : Thank you.

